 So if a photon is directed through a plane with two slits in it and either slit is observed it will not go through both slits. If it’s unobserved it will, however, if it’s observed after it’s left the plane but before it hits its target, it will not have gone through both slits.| Agreed, what’s your point?
 There’s no point, I just think it’s a good idea for a tee-shirt. | Excuse me?
 Hang on. | One across is Aegean, eight down is Nabakov, twenty-six across is MCM, fourteen down is… move your finger… phylum, which makes fourteen across Port-au-Prince. See, Papa Doc’s capital idea, that’s Port-au-Prince. Haiti. 
 Can I help you?| Yes. Um, is this the High IQ sperm bank?
 Fill these out.| Thank-you. We’ll be right back.
 Leonard, I don’t think I can do this.| What, are you kidding? You’re a semi-pro. 
 No. We are committing genetic fraud. There’s no guarantee that our sperm is going to generate high IQ offspring, think about that. I have a sister with the same basic DNA mix who hostesses at Fuddruckers.| Sheldon, this was your idea. A little extra money to get fractional T1 bandwidth in the apartment.
 I know, and I do yearn for faster downloads, but there’s some poor woman is going to pin her hopes on my sperm, what if she winds up with a toddler who doesn’t know if he should use an integral or a differential to solve the area under a curve.| I’m sure she’ll still love him.
 I wouldn’t.| Well, what do you want to do?
 I want to leave.| Okay.
 What’s the protocol for leaving?| I don’t know, I’ve never reneged on a proffer of sperm before.
 Bye-bye| See you.
 Are you still mad about the sperm bank?| No.
 You want to hear an interesting thing about stairs?| Not really.
 If the height of a single step is off by as little as two millimetres, most people will trip.| I don’t care. Two millimetres? That doesn’t seem right.
 No, it’s true, I did a series of experiments when I was twelve, my father broke his clavicle.| Is that why they sent you to boarding school?
 No, that was the result of my work with lasers.| New neighbour?
 Evidently.| Significant improvement over the old neighbour.
 Oh, hi!| Hi.
 Hi.| Hi.
 Hi?| We don’t mean to interrupt, we live across the hall.
 Oh, that’s nice.| Oh… uh… no… we don’t live together… um… we live together but in separate, heterosexual bedrooms.
 Oh, okay, well, guess I’m your new neighbour, Penny.| Leonard, Sheldon.
 Hi.| Hi.
 Hi. | Hi. Well, uh, oh, welcome to the building.
 Thankyou, maybe we can have coffee sometime.| Oh, great.
 Great.| Great. Well, bye.
 Bye.| Bye. 
 Bye. | Should we have invited her for lunch?
 No. We’re going to start Season Two of Battlestar Galactica.| We already watched the Season Two DVDs.
 Not with commentary.| I think we should be good neighbours, invite her over, make her feel welcome.
 We never invited Louis-slash-Louise over.| Well, then that was wrong of us. We need to widen our circle.
 I have a very wide circle. I have 212 friends on myspace. | Yes, and you’ve never met one of them.
 That’s the beauty of it.| I’m going to invite her over. We’ll have a nice meal and chat.
 Chat? We don’t chat. At least not offline.| Well it’s not difficult, you just listen to what she says and then you say something appropriate in response.
 To what end?| Hi. Again.
 Hi.| Hi.
 Hi. | Anyway, um. We brought home Indian food. And, um. I know that moving can be stressful, and I find that when I’m undergoing stress, that good food and company can have a comforting effect. Also, curry is a natural laxative, and I don’t have to tell you that, uh, a clean colon is just one less thing to worry about.
 Oh, you’re inviting me over to eat?| Uh, yes.
 Oh, that’s so nice, I’d love to.| Great.
 Okay, thankyou.| You’re very welcome.
 This is really impressive.| I have a board. If you like boards, this is my board.
 If by holy smokes you mean a derivative restatement of the kind of stuff you can find scribbled on the wall of any men’s room at MIT, sure.| What?
 Oh, come on. Who hasn’t seen this differential below “here I sit broken hearted?”| At least I didn’t have to invent twenty-six dimensions just to make the math come out.
 I didn’t invent them, they’re there.| In what universe?
 What’s the difference?| Here we go.
 Well.| Just sit somewhere else.
 Fine. (Wanders in circles, looking lost.)| Sheldon, sit!
 Aaah!| Well this is nice. We don’t have a lot of company over.
 That’s not true. Koothrapali and Wolowitz come over all the time. | Yes I now, but…
 Tuesday night we played Klingon boggle until one in the morning.| Yes, I remember.
 I resent you saying we don’t have company.| I’m sorry.
 That is an antisocial implication.| I said I’m sorry.
 So, Klingon boggle?| Yeah, it’s like regular boggle but, in Klingon. That’s probably enough about us, tell us about you.
 Participate in the what?| I think what Sheldon’s trying to say, is that Sagittarius wouldn’t have been our first guess.
 That’s interesting. Leonard can’t process corn.| Wu-uh, do you have some sort of a job?
 Oh, yeah, I’m a waitress at the Cheesecake Factory.| Oh, okay. I love cheesecake.
 You’re lactose intolerant. | I don’t eat it, I just think it’s a good idea.
 Oh, anyways, I’m also writing a screenplay. It’s about this sensitive girl who comes to L.A. from Lincoln Nebraska to be an actress, and winds up a waitress at the Cheesecake Factory.| So it’s based on your life?
 No, I’m from Omaha. | Well, if that was a movie I would go see it.
 I know, right? Okay, let’s see, what else? Um, that’s about it. That’s the story of Penny.| Well it sounds wonderful.
 It took you four years to get through High School?| Don’t.
 I just, I can’t believe I trusted him.| Should I say something? I feel like I should say something.
 Yes. | No, it’s not crazy it’s, uh, uh, it’s a paradox. And paradoxes are part of nature, think about light. Now if you look at Huygens, light is a wave, as confirmed by the double slit experiments, but then, along comes Albert Einstein and discovers that light behaves like particles too. Well, I didn’t make it worse.
 Oh, I’m so sorry, I’m such a mess, and on top of everything else I’m all gross from moving and my stupid shower doesn’t even work.| Our shower works.
 Yes. | No.
 No?| No.
 No.| It’s right down the hall.
 Well this is an interesting development. | How so?
 It has been some time since we’ve had a woman take her clothes off in our apartment.| That’s not true, remember at Thanksgiving my grandmother with Alzheimer’s had that episode.
 Point taken. It has been some time since we’ve had a woman take her clothes off after which we didn’t want to rip our eyes out. | The worst part was watching her carve that turkey.
 So, what exactly are you trying to accomplish here?| Excuse me?
 That woman in there’s not going to have sex with you.| Well I’m not trying to have sex with her.
 Oh, good. Then you won’t be disappointed.| What makes you think she wouldn’t have sex with me, I’m a male and she’s a female?
 Yes, but not of the same species.| I’m not going to engage in hypotheticals here, I’m just trying to be a good neighbour.
 Oh, of course.| That’s not to say that if a carnal relationship were to develop that I wouldn’t participate. However briefly.
 Do you think this possibility will be helped or hindered when she discovers your Luke Skywalker no-more-tears shampoo?| It’s Darth Vader shampoo. (There is a knock on the door.) Luke Skywalker’s the conditioner.
 It’s fantastic. Unbelievable.| See what?
 It’s a Stephen Hawking lecture from MIT in 1974.| This is not a good time.
 Why?| It’s just not a good time.
 Yeah, right, your grandmother back in town?| No. And she’s not a lady, she’s just a new neighbour.
 Hang on, there really is a lady here?| Uh-huh.
 And you want us out because you’re anticipating coitus?| I’m not anticipating coitus.
 Penny. I work at the Cheesecake Factory.| Come on, I’ll show you the trick with the shower.
 It’s French for good shower. It’s a sentiment I can express in six languages.| Save it for your blog, Howard.
 Okay. Thanks. | You’re welcome, oh, you’re going to step right, okay, I’ll….
 Hey, Leonard?| The hair products are Sheldon’s.
 Um, okay. Can I ask you a favour.| A favour? Sure, you can ask me a favour, I would do you a favour for you.
 It’s okay if you say no.| Oh, I’ll probably say yes.
 It’s just not the kind of thing you ask a guy you’ve just met.| Wow.
 I really think we should examine the chain of causality here.| Must we?
 Event A. A beautiful woman stands naked in our shower. Event B. We drive half way across town to retrieve a television set from the aforementioned woman’s ex-boyfriend. Query, on what plane of existence is there even a semi-rational link between these events?| She asked me to do her a favour, Sheldon.
 Ah, yes, well that may be the proximal cause of our journey, but we both know it only exists in contradistinction to the higher level distal cause.| Which is?
 You think with your penis.| That’s a biological impossibility and you didn’t have to come.
 Oh, right, yes, I could have stayed behind and watched Wolowitz try to hit on Penny in Russian, Arabic and Farsi. Why can’t she get her own TV.| Come on, you know how it is with break-ups.
 No I don’t. And neither do you.| Wuh, I, I broke up with Joyce Kim.
 You did not break up with Joyce Kim, she defected to North Korea.| To mend her broken heart. This situation is much less complicated. There’s some kind of dispute between Penny and her ex-boyfriend as to who gets custody of the TV. She just wanted to avoid having a scene with him.
 So we get to have a scene with him?| No, Sheldon, there’s not going to be a scene. There’s two of us and one of him.
 Yeah.| Hi, I’m Leonard, this is Sheldon.
 Hello.| What did I just…. Uh, we’re here to pick up Penny’s TV.
 Okay, thanks for your time.| We’re not going to give up just like that.
 Leonard, the TV is in the building, we’ve been denied access to the building, ergo we are done.| Excuse me, if I were to give up at the first little hitch I never would have been able to identify the fingerprints of string theory in the aftermath of the big bang.
 It’s just a privilege to watch your mind at work.| Come on, we have a combined IQ of 360, we should be able to figure out how to get into a stupid building.
 What do you think their combined IQ is?| Just grab the door.
 Yeah?| I’m Leonard, this is Sheldon.
 How the hell did you get in the building?| Oh. We’re scientists.
 Leonard.| What?
 My mom bought me those pants.| I’m sorry.
 It’s okay. It wasn’t my first pantsing, and it won’t be my last.| And you were right about my motives, I was hoping to establish a relationship with Penny that might have some day led to sex.
 Well you got me out of my pants.| Anyway, I’ve learned my lesson. She’s out of my league, I’m done with her, I’ve got my work, one day I’ll win the Nobel Prize and then I’ll die alone.
 Don’t think like that, you’re not going to die alone.| Thank you Sheldon, you’re a good friend.
 Smooth.| We’re home.
 Oh, my God, what happened?| Well, your ex-boyfriend sends his regards and I think the rest is fairly self-explanatory.
 I’m so sorry, I really thought if you guys went instead of me he wouldn’t be such an ass.| No, it was a valid hypothesis.
 Really, thank you so much for going and trying you’re, uh, you’re so terrific. Why don’t you put some clothes on, I’ll get my purse and dinner is on me, okay?| Really? Great.
 Thank you. You’re not done with her, are you?| Our babies will be smart and beautiful.
 But does it have peanut oil?| Uh, I’m not sure, everyone keep an eye on Howard in case he starts to swell up.
 You don’t need chopsticks, this is Thai food.| Here we go.
 Thailand has had the fork since the latter half of the nineteenth century. Interestingly they don’t actually put the fork in their mouth, they use it to put the food on a spoon which then goes into their mouth.| Ask him for a napkin, I dare you. (There is a knock on the door.) I’ll get it.
 Hey Leonard.| Oh, hi Penny.
 Am I interrupting.| No.
 Sounds like you have company.| They’re not going anywhere. (Closes door, staying in hallway.) So, you’re coming home from work. That’s great. How was work.
 Well, you know, it’s the Cheesecake Factory. People order cheesecake, and I bring it to them.| So, you sort of act as a carbohydrate delivery system.
 Yeah, call it whatever you want, I get minimum wage. Yeah, anyways, I was wondering if you could help me out with something, I was….| Yes.
 He can’t talk to attractive women, or in your case a cheesecake–scented Goddess!| So, there’s gonna be some furniture delivered?
 Yeah, yeah, if it gets here and I’m not here tomorrow could you just sign for it and have them put it in my apartment.| Yeah, no problem.
 Great, here’s my spare key. Thank you.| Penny, wait.
 Yeah?| Um, if you don’t have any other plans, do you want to join us for Thai food and a Superman movie marathon?
 Oh no, let’s assume that they can. Lois Lane is falling, accelerating at an initial rate of 32 feet per second per second. Superman swoops down to save her by reaching out two arms of steel. Miss Lane, who is now travelling at approximately 120 miles per hour, hits them, and is immediately sliced into three equal pieces. | Unless, Superman matches her speed and decelerates. 
 In what space, sir, in what space? She’s two feet above the ground. Frankly, if he really loved her, he’d let her hit the pavement. It would be a more merciful death.| Excuse me, your entire argument is predicated on the assumption that Superman’s flight is a feat of strength.
 I’m just going to go wash up.| I have 26 hundred comic books in there, I challenge you to find a single reference to Kryptonian skin cells.
 I hardly think so. | Why not?
 Well, we don’t have a dolly, or lifting belts, or any measurable upper body strength.| We don’t need strength, we’re physicists. We are the intellectual descendents of Archimedes. Give me a fulcrum and a lever and I can move the Earth, it’s just a matter… (starts to move package) I don’t have this… I don’t have this I don’t have this.
 Archimedes would be so proud.| Do you have any ideas?
 What’s your formula for the corner.| What? Oh, okay, uh, okay, yeah, no problem, just come up here and help me pull and turn.
 You do understand that our efforts here will in no way increase the odds of you having sexual congress with this woman?| Men do things for women without expecting sex.
 Yeah, those are men who just had sex.| I’m doing this to be a good neighbour. In any case, there’s no way it could lower the odds.
 Watch your fingers. Watch your fingers. Oh God, my fingers!| You okay?
 No, it hurt… (looking around) Great Caesar’s Ghost, look at this place?| So Penny’s a little messy.
 A little messy? The Mandelbrot set of complex numbers is a little messy, this is chaos. Excuse me, explain to me an organisational system where a tray of flatware on a couch is valid. I’m just inferring that this is a couch, because the evidence suggests the coffee table’s having a tiny garage sale. | Did it ever occur to you that not everyone has the compulsive need to sort, organise and label the entire world around them?
 No.| Well they don’t. Hard as it may be for you to believe, most people don’t sort their breakfast cereal numerically by fibre content.
 Excuse me, but I think we’ve both found that helpful at times.| Come on, we should go.
 Hang on.| What are you doing?
 Straightening up.| Sheldon, this is not your home.
 This is not anyone’s home, this is a swirling vortex of entropy.| When the transvestite lived here, you didn’t care how he kept the place.
 Because it was immaculate, I mean, you open that man’s closet, it was left to right, evening gowns, cocktail dresses, then his police uniforms.| What were you doing in his closet?
 Hey guys.| Oh, hey Penny, this just arrived, we just brought this up, just now.
 (sucks in breath)| No.
 No?| No.
 No.| Well, we’ll get out of your hair.
 What’s he talking about?| It’s a joke.
 I don’t get it.| Yeah, he didn’t tell it right.
 Sssshhhh! Penny’s sleeping.| Are you insane, you can’t just break into a woman’s apartment in the middle of the night and clean.
 I had no choice. I couldn’t sleep knowing that just outside my bedroom was our living room, and just outside our living room was that hallway, and immediately adjacent to that hallway was… this.| Do you realise that if Penny wakes up, there is no reasonable explanation as to why we’re here?
 I just gave you a reasonable explanation.| No, no. You gave me an explanation, it’s reasonableness will be determined by a jury of your peers.
 Don’t be ridiculous. I have no peers.| Sheldon, we have to get out of here.
 You might want to speak in a lower register.| What?
 Evolution has made women sensitive to high pitched noises while they sleep, so that they’ll be roused by a crying baby. If you want to avoid waking her, speak in a lower register.| That’s ridiculous. (Penny snores again.)
 I am not leaving until I’m done.| O-o-o-oh! (Collapses against wall).
 If you have time to lean, you have time to clean.| Oh, what the hell.
 Morning.| Morning. 
 I have to say, I slept splendidly. Granted, not long, but just deeply and well.| I’m not surprised. A well known folk cure for insomnia is to break into your neighbour’s apartment and clean.
 Sarcasm?| You think?
 Granted, my methods may have been somewhat unorthodox, but I think the end result will be a measurable enhancement of Penny’s quality of life.| You know what, you’ve convinced me, maybe tonight we should sneak in and shampoo her carpet.
 You don’t think that crosses a line?| Yes! For God’s sake, Sheldon, do I have to hold up a sarcasm sign every time I open my mouth.
 You have a sarcasm sign?| No, I do not have a sarcasm sign.
 Son of a Bitch!| Penny’s up.
 You sick, geeky bastards!| How did she know it was us?
 Leonard!| God, this is going to be bad.
 You came into my apartment last night when I was sleeping?| Yes, but, only to clean.
 Give me back my key.| I’m very, very sorry.
 Do you understand how creepy this is.| Oh, yes, we discussed it at length last night.
 God!| Okay, look, no Penny, I think what you’re feeling is perfectly valid, and maybe a little bit later today when you’re feeling a little bit less, for lack of a better word, violated, maybe we could talk about this some more.
 Stay away from me.| Sure, that’s another way to go.
 Penny, Penny, just to clarify because there will be a discussion when you leave, is your objection solely to our presence in the apartment while you were sleeping, or do you also object to the imposition of a new organisational paradigm. (Penny stares in disbelief, then leaves.) Well that was a little non-responsive.| You are going to march yourself over there right now and apologise. (Sheldon laughs.) What’s funny?
 That wasn’t sarcasm?| No.
 Grab a napkin, homie. You just got served. | It’s fine. You win.
 Actually, I was less the chatter than the chattee.| What did she say? Is she still mad at me?
 Hi.| Oh.
 What’s going on?| Um, here’s the thing. (Reads from note.) Penny. Just as Oppenheimer came to regret his contributions to the first atomic bomb, so too I regret my participation in what was, at the very least, an error in judgement. The hallmark of the great human experiment is the willingness to recognise one’s mistakes. Some mistakes, such as Madame Curie’s discovery of Radium turned out to have great scientific potential even though she would later die a slow, painful death from radiation poisoning. Another example, from the field of ebola research….
 Leonard.| Yeah.
 Check.| One package, Phillips head screws.
 Guys, seriously, I grew up on a farm, okay, I rebuilt a tractor engine when I was like twelve, I think I can put together a cheap Swedish media centre. | No, please, we insist, it’s the least we can do considering. 
 Oh boy, I was afraid of this.| What?
 Well, uh, it looked pretty good in the store.| It is an inefficient design, for example Penny has a flat screen TV, which means all the space behind it is wasted.
 We could put her stereo back there.| And control it how?
 Hang on Penny. How about fans, here and here?| Also inefficient, and might be loud.
 Hold on, honey, men at work. The PVC comes down here, maybe a little corrugated sheet metal as a radiator here.| Oh, really, show me where we put a drip tray, a sluice and an overflow reservoir?
 Guys, it’s hot in here, I think I’ll just take off all my clothes. | Oh, I’ve got it. How about if we replace panels A, B and F and crossbar H with aircraft grade aluminium. 
 Perfect, Leonard, why don’t you and Sheldon go down to the junk yard and pick up about six square metres of scrap aluminium, Raj and I will run down to my lab and get the oxy-acetaline torch.| Meet back here in an hour?
 Done.| Got it. (They all leave).
 Oooh.| Don’t panic, this is what the last 97 hours have been about.
 Stay frosty, there’s a horde of armed goblins on the other side of that gate guarding the Sword of Azeroth.| Warriors, unsheathe your weapons, magic wielders raise your wands.
 Don’t just stand there, slash and move, slash and move.| Stay in formation.
 Leonard, you’ve got one on your tail.| That’s alright, my tail’s prehensile, I’ll swat him off.
 I’ve got him Leonard. Tonight I spice my meat with goblin blood!| Raj, no, it’s a trap, they’re flanking us!
 I’ve got the Sword of Azeroth!| Forget the sword, Sheldon, help Raj.
 Leonard look out!| Dammit man, we’re dying here. 
 Goodbye, peasants. | The bastard teleported. 
 He’s selling the Sword of Azeroth on ebay.| You betrayed us for money, who are you?
 Wooh, I’m all sweaty, anybody want to log on to second life and go swimming, I just built a virtual pool.| No, I can’t look at you or your avatar right now.
 Sounds like your neighbour’s home.| Excuse me.
 Don’t forget the mail you took accidentally on purpose so you’d have an excuse to talk to her.| Oh, right, right right right right.
 What’s up bro.| Not much. Bro. 
 Is, is everything okay.| Uh, yeah, uh, I just, I got your mail again, here.
 Thank you, I’ve got to talk to that mailman.| Oh no, that’s probably not such a good idea. Civil servants have a documented propensity to, you know, snap. 
 Okay, well, thank you, again.| No problem. Bye. Oh, and, bye, bro! (Returns to apartment).
 What’s the matter.| No, I’m fine. Penny’s fine, the guy she’s kissing is really fine and…
 Kissing, what kind of kissing? Cheeks? Lips? Chaste? French? | What is wrong with you?
 Please don’t tell me that your hopeless infatuation is devolving into pointless jealousy.| No, I’m not jealous, I’m just a little concerned for her. I didn’t like the look of the guy that she was with.
 Because he looked better than you?| Yeah. He was kinda dreamy.
 I disagree, love is not a sprint, it’s a marathon. A relentless pursuit that only ends when she falls into your arms. Or hits you with the pepper spray. | Well, I’m done with Penny. I’m going to be more realistic and go after someone my own speed.
 Like who?| I don’t know. Olivia Geiger?
 The dietician at the cafeteria with the limp and the lazy eye?| Yeah.
 I don’t know, you guys work in the same lab.| So?
 There are pitfalls, trust me, I know. When it comes to sexual harassment law I’m… a bit of a self-taught expert. | Look, Howard, if I were to ask Lesley Winkle out it would just be for dinner, I’m not going to walk into the lab, ask her to strip naked and dance for me.
 Hi Leonard. | Lesley I would like to propose an experiment.
 Goggles, Leonard.| Right. Lesley, I would like to propose an experiment.
 Hang on. I’m trying to see how long it takes a five hundred kilowatt oxygen iodine laser to heat up my cup o’ noodles.| Pfff, I’ve done it, about two seconds, 2.6 for minestrone. Anyway, I was thinking more of a bio-social exploration with a neuro-chemical overlay. 
 Wait, are you asking me out?| I was going to characterise it as the modification of our colleague/friendship paradigm, with the addition of a date-like component. But we don’t need to quibble over terminology. 
 What sort of experiment would you propose?| There is a generally accepted pattern in this area, I would pick you up, take you to a restaurant, then we would see a movie, probably a romantic comedy featuring the talents of Hugh Grant or Sandra Bullock. 
 Interesting. And would you agree that the primary way we would evaluate either the success or failure of the date would be based on the bio-chemical reaction during the goodnight kiss.| Heartrate, pheromones, etc, yes. 
 Well, why don’t we just stipulate that the date goes well and move to the key variable.| You mean, kiss you now?
 Yes. | Can you define the parameters of the kiss?
 Closed mouth but romantic. Mint?| Thank you. (Takes mint). Shall I count down from three?
 What do you think.| You proposed the experiment, I think you should present your findings first.
 Fair enough. On the plus side, it was a good kiss, reasonable technique, no extraneous spittle. On the other hand, no arousal. | None?
 None.| Ah. Well, thank you for your time.
 So, how did it go with Lesley? | Oh, we tried kissing, but the earth didn’t move. I mean any more than the 383 miles that it was going to move anyway. 
 If you’re compiling a mix CD for a double suicide. (Leonard is taking supplies out of a bag) Oh, I hope that scratching post is for you.| I know what you’re thinking, I’ve taken your asthma into account. There’s a feline geneticist in San Diego who has developed the cutest little hypo-allergenic calicos. 
 Leonard, listen to me…| I’ve been thinking about names, I’m kind of torn between Einstein, Newton and Sergeant Fuzzyboots. 
 Leonard, do you really think you can satisfy your need for a relationship with a genetically altered cat?| Maybe, if it’s a cute little cuddly cat.
 Oh, come on, Leonard! This is obviously about Penny. | It doesn’t matter. The woman’s not interested in me, the woman rejected me. 
 Okay, look, I think that you have as much of a chance of having a sexual relationship with Penny as the Hubble Telescope does of discovering at the centre of every black hole is a little man with a flashlight searching for a circuit breaker. Nevertheless, I do feel obligated to point out to you that she did no reject you. You did not ask her out. | You’re right. I didn’t ask her out, I should ask her out.
 No. No, now that was not my point. My point was, don’t buy a cat. | No, but you’re right. I should march over there and ask her out. 
 Ah, hey Leonard.| Good afternoon Penny, so hi, hey. Uh… I was wondering if you had plans for dinner.
 Uh, do you mean dinner tonight?| There is an inherent ambiguity in the word dinner. Technically it refers to the largest meal of the day whenever it is consumed, so, to clarify here, by dinner I mean supper.
 Supper?| Or dinner. I was thinking six thirty, if you can go, or a different time.
 Uh, six thirty’s great.| Really? Great!
 Yeah, I like hanging out with you guys.| Us guys?
 You know, Sheldon, Howard, Raj, who all’s coming?| They…. might all be there. Or a subset of them might be there, uh, algebraically speaking there are too many unknowns, for example Sheldon had Quizznos for lunch, sometimes he finds that filling, other times he doesn’t, it’s no fault of Quizznos, they have a varied menu.
 Okay, whatever, it sounds like fun.| Great. Did we say a time?
 Six thirty.| And that’s still good for you.
 It’s fine.| Cos it’s not carved in stone.
 No, six thirty’s great.| I’ll get my chisel.
 Why?| To… carve the… okay, I’ll see you six thirty.
 Could you be more specific?| Can you tell I’m perspiring a little?
 No. The dark crescent-shaped patterns under your arms conceal it nicely. What time is your date?| Six thirty. 
 Perfect, that gives you two hours and fifteen minutes for that dense molecular cloud of Aramis to dissipate. | Is it too much?
 Not if you’re a rugby team. | By the way, if it should ever come up, you didn’t join us because you stuffed yourself with a chicken carbonara sub at Quizznos. 
 Why would I join you?| No reason. Oh, you know what, maybe this isn’t such a good idea. 
 Oh, no, no, no, well now, there’s always the possibility that alcohol and poor judgement on her part might lead to a nice romantic evening.| You’re right, alcohol, poor judgement, it could go well.
 Of course, there’s the other possibility that this date kicks off a rather unpleasant six months of the two of you passing awkwardly in the hall until one of you breaks down and moves to another zip code.| You could have stopped at “it could go well.”
 If I could of, I would of. | I mean, I’m a perfectly nice guy. There’s no reason we couldn’t go to the restaurant and have a lovely dinner. Maybe take a walk afterwards, talk about things we have in common, “you love pottery? I love pottery!” You know, there’s a pause, we both know what’s happening, I lean in, we kiss, it’s a little tentative at first but then I realise, she’s kissing me back, and she’s biting my lower lip, you know, she wants me, this thing is going the distance, we’re going to have sex! Oh God! Oh, my God!
 Is the sex starting now?| I’m having a panic attack.
 Oh, okay, well then, calm down.| If I could calm down I wouldn’t be having a panic attack, that’s why they call it a panic attack.
 Alright, alright, well, just, sit down, yes, sit down, now close your eyes.| Why?
 Just do it.| Okay.
 Now try to increase your alpha-wave activity.| What?
 It’s a bio-feedback technique, it’s relaxation through brain-wave manipulation, I read a paper about it in the Journal of American Neuroscience, it was a little sparsely sourced but I think the basic science is valid, I probably have it here somewhere.| Oh, who am I kidding, I can’t go through with this, you need to call her and cancel.
 Me?| Yes.
 What should I tell her.| I don’t know. Tell her I’m sick.
 Okay.| Not the kind of illness that will make her want to come over and take care of me, but nothing so critical that she’ll feel uncomfortable going out with me in the future if I want to try this again.
 Got it. So I’m assuming nothing venereal. I’ll just tell her that you had a routine colonoscopy and haven’t quite bounced back.| Give me the phone. 
 But I thought you wanted to cancel?| I can’t because if I don’t show up she’ll still be expecting you.
 Why would she be expecting me? | Stop asking me all these questions, I need to take another shower.
 So are the rest of the guys meeting us here?| Oh, yeah, no. Turns out that Raj and Howard had to work, and Sheldon had a colonoscopy and he hasn’t quite bounced back yet. 
 Ooh, my uncle just had a colonoscopy.| You’re kidding, well, then, that’s something we have in common. 
 How?| We both have people in our lives who… want to nip intestinal polyps in the bud. 
 So, what’s new in the world of physics?| Nothing.
 Really, nothing?| Well, with the exception of string theory, not much has happened since the 1930’s, and you can’t prove string theory, at best you can say “hey, look, my idea has an internal logical consistency.”
 Ah. Well I’m sure things will pick up. | What’s new at the Cheesecake Factory?
 Oh, uh, not much. We do have a chocolate key lime that’s moving pretty well. | Good. Good. And what about your, uh, hallway friend.
 Can I get you started with some drinks?| No, (waves her away) You were saying, but…
 I’d like a drink.| Just say the but thing about Doug and then I’ll get her back. 
 Okay, well, you know, it’s just me. I’m still getting over this break-up with Kurt, and this thing with Doug would be just rebound sex.| Ugh, don’t get me started on rebound sex.
 It’s just, it’s my pattern. I break up, then I find some cute guy, and then it’s just thirty six meaningless of… well, you know. | I’m not sure that I do. Um, is that one thirty-six hour experience, or is it thirty six hours spread out over say, one… glorious summer.
 No, it’s usually over a weekend, and trust me, you do not feel good after it.| Well, chafing, right?
 Emotionally.| Of course, yeah, emotional chafing. Hey, do you want to see something cool? (Penny nods.) I can make this olive go into this glass without touching it. 
 How?| Physics. (He places the glass over the olive and spins it until the olive gets caught up on the side).
 Wow, centrifugal force!| Actually, it’s centripetal force, which is an inward force generated by the glass acting on the olive. (The olive drops.) Excuse me. (Leonard disappears under table.)Now, if you were riding on the olive, you’d be in a non-inertial reference frame, and would (he bangs his head on the underside of the table.)
 Are you okay?| Yeah, I’m okay. Did you spill ketchup?
 No.| I’m not okay.
 Are you sure you don’t want to go to the emergency room?| No, no, I’m okay, it’s stopped bleeding.
 I know, but you did throw up. Isn’t that a sign of a concussion?| Yes, but I get car sick too, so…
 Okay.| Sorry about your car, by the way.
 Oh, no, it’s fine, you got most of it out the window. | The poor guy on the bike. I had a nice time.
 Yeah, me too. Um, good night. (Leonard turns across hallway.) Leonard?| Yeah.
 Was this supposed to be a date?| This? No. No, of course not, this was just you and me hanging out with a bunch of guys who didn’t show up, because of work and a colonoscopy.
 Okay, I was just checking.| When I take a girl out on a date, and I do, she knows she’s been dated. Capital D. Bold face, underline, like Day-ted. I think I might have a little concussion, I’m going to go lay down for a while, good night. 
 So, how was your date?| Awesome!
 I’ve been thinking about time travel again.| Why, did you hit a roadblock with invisibility?
 Put it on the back burner. Anyway, it occurs to me, if I ever did perfect a time machine, I’d just go into the past and give it to myself, thus eliminating the need for me to invent it in the first place.| Interesting.
 Yeah, it really takes the pressure off. | Sounds like a breakthrough, should I call the science magazines and tell them to hold the front cover? (Exiting the apartment.)
 It’s time travel, Leonard, I will have already done that. | Then I guess congratulations are in order.
 No, congratulations will have been in order. You know, I’m not going to enjoy this party.| I know, I’m familiar with you.
 At the last department party, Dr Finkleday cornered me and talked about spelunking for 45 minutes.| Yes, I was there.
 You know what’s interesting about caves, Leonard?| What?
 Nothing.| Well then we’ll avoid Finkleday, we’ll meet the new department head, congratulate him, shake his hand and go. 
 How’s this? Pleased to meet you, Dr Gablehouser. How fortunate for you that the University has chosen to hire you, despite the fact that you’ve done no original research in 25 years, and instead have written a series of popular books that reduce the great concepts of science to a series of anecdotes, each one dumbed down to accommodate the duration of an average bowel movement. Mahalo.| Mahalo’s a nice touch. 
 Do you know there are only eight consonants in the Hawaiian language.| Interesting, you should lead with that.
 Oh, God, Look at this buffet. I love America.| You don’t have buffets in India?
 Well here’s an interesting turn of events.| What. (Sees Howard entering with a statuesque blonde) Howard brought a date?
 I can’t believe he fired me.| Well, you did call him a glorified high-school science teacher whose last successful experiment was lighting his own farts.
 Morning.| You’re making eggs for breakfast?
 This isn’t breakfast, it’s an experiment. | Huh? Cos it looks a lot like breakfast.
 I finally have the time to test my hypothesis, about the separation of the water molecules from the egg proteins, and its impact vis-a-vis taste.| Sounds yummy. I look forward to your work with bacon.
 As do I.| You know, I’m sure if you just apologised to Gablehauser he would give you your job back.
 I don’t want my job back. I’ve spent the last three and a half years staring at greaseboards full of equations. Before that I spent four years working on my thesis. Before that I was in college, and before that, I was in the fifth grade. This is my first day off in decades, and I’m going to savour it.| Okay. I’ll let you get back to fixing your eggs.
 I’m not just fixing my eggs, I’m fixing everyone’s eggs.| And we all thank you.
 I think it’s her time of the month. I marked the calendar for future reference. | What’s with the fish?
 It’s an experiment. | What happened to your scrambled egg research?
 Oh, that was a dead end. Scrambled eggs are as good as they’re ever going to be.| So… fish. 
 I read an article about Japanese scientists, who inserted DNA from luminous jellyfish into other animals, and I thought hey, fish nightlights.| Fish nightlights.
 It’s a billion dollar idea. Shhhhh!| Mum’s the word. Sheldon, are you sure you don’t want to just apologise to Gablehauser and get your job back.
 Oh, no, no, no. No, I’ve too much to do.| Like luminous fish.
 Shhhhh!| Right… I didn’t….
 You did the right thing calling.| I didn’t know what else to do, he’s lost all focus, every day he’s got a new obsession. (They enter the apartment. Sheldon is weaving on a loom. He is wrapped in a poncho.) This is a particularly disturbing one. 
 I know, but why?| Because one of the great minds of the twenty-first century is raising glow-in-the-dark fish and weaving sarapes. 
 This is not a sarape. This is a poncho. A sarape is open at the sides, a poncho is closed, this is a poncho, and neither is a reason to call someone’s mother. | Really, when was the last time you left the house.
 I went to the market with Penny.| That was three weeks ago.
 Yes, well I’m not a child, I’m a grown man capable of living my life as I see fit. And I certainly don’t need someone telling on me to my mother. | Where are you going?
 He gets his temper from his daddy.| Oh. 
 He’s got my eyes.| I see.
 Oh, honey that ain’t going to work, but you keep trying. (To Raj) I made chicken, I hope that isn’t one of the animals that you people think is magic? You know, we have an Indian gentleman at our church, a Dr Patel, it’s a beautiful story, the lord spoke to him, and moved him to give us all 20% off on lasic, you know, those that needed it. | That is a lovely story, um, are we going to do anything about Sheldon?
 Oh, we will, you have to take your time with Sheldon. His father, God rest his soul, used to say to me, Mary, you have to take your time with Sheldon. | Sounds like a wise man.
 Well, the poor boy had a fit, locked himself in his room and built a sonic death ray. | A death ray?
 Problem solved. | Really? That’s impressive.
 Okay.| Hey, how did it go?
 I got my job back.| Really? What happened?
 I’m not quite sure. It involves a part of the human experience that has always eluded me. | That narrows it down. 
 Not so fast, remember the South still has two infantry divisions, plus Superman and Godzilla.| No, no, no, no, Orcs are magic, Superman is vulnerable to magic, not to mention, you already lost Godzilla to the Illinois Cavalry and Hulk.
 Hang on, honey. Shiva and Ganesh? The Hindu Gods against the entire Union army?| And Orcs!
 Statistically unlikely. | Just get a hamburger, you like hamburgers.
 I like the hamburgers where we usually have hamburgers, you can’t make the assumption that I’ll like the hamburgers here. | I’m sorry. Give him a hamburger. 
 Fine, I’ll have the Barbecue Burger. | Make it two. 
 Hey Leonard, hi guys. | Hey Lesley. 
 We don’t. This is a disturbing aberration. | Lesley, this is Penny, she lives across the hall from Sheldon and me. 
 Howard, I’ve asked you not to do that. | Lesley and I do research together at the University. 
 Yep, come for the breasts, stay for the brains. So, I’m glad I ran into you, the physics department string quartet needs a new cellist. | What happened to Elliot Wong?
 He switched over to high energy radiation research, had a little mishap, and now the other guys are uncomfortable sitting next to him. So, are you in?| Yeah, sure, why not.
 Great, we rehearse on Tuesdays at your place.| Why at my place?
 Yeah, you too. Leonard, I didn’t know you played the cello?| Yeah, my parents felt that naming me Leonard and putting me in advanced placement classes wasn’t getting me beaten up enough. 
 Really? (Howard performs some of the worst beatboxing imaginable.) I’m actually not that into music. So hey, your friend’s really cute, anything going on with you two. | Lesley? No, no-oh, what are you kidding?
 He asked her out once, it was an embarrassing failure. | Thank you Sheldon.
 Well I assume she meant that the two of you together would constitute a couple that others might consider cute. An alternate, and somewhat less likely interpretation, is that you could manufacture one. As in, oh look, Leonard and Lesley made Mr and Mrs Goldfarb, aren’t they adorable. | If Penny didn’t know that Lesley had already turned me down then that would unambiguously mean that she, Penny, thought that I should her, Lesley, out, indicating that she, Penny, had no interest in me asking her, Penny, out. But because she did know that I had asked Lesley out and that she, Lesley, had turned me down then she, Penny, could be offering consolation. That’s too bad, you would have made a cute couple. But while thinking, good, Leonard remains available. 
 You’re a lucky man, Leonard. | How so?
 You’re talking to one of the three men in the Western hemisphere capable of following that train of thought. | Well, what do you think.
 I admire your fingering. | Thank you.
 See you next week.| That was fun, Lesley, thanks for including me. 
 You’re welcome. If you’re up for it we could practise that middle section again.| Uh, sure, why not. 
 Just so we’re clear, you understand that me hanging back to practise with you is a pretext for letting you know that I’m sexually available. | Really?
 Yeah, I’m good to go. | I thought you weren’t interested in me.
 That was before I saw you handling that beautiful piece of wood between your legs. | You mean my cello?
 No, I mean the obvious crude double entendre. I’m seducing you.| No kidding?
 What can I say, I’m a passionate and impulsive woman. So how about it?| Gee, uh…
 Is it the waitress?| Penny? What about her?
 Well, I thought I saw your pupils dilate when you looked at her, which, unless you’re a heroin addict, points to sexual attraction.| Well, I did have a poppy seed bagel for breakfast, which could give a positive urine test for opiates but certainly not dilate my pupils, so I guess there’s no point in bringing it up. 
 You and the waitress then?| No. No, there’s nothing going on between Penny and me.
 So, you’re open to a sexual relationship?| Yeah. Yeah, I guess I am. 
 Good. | Yeah, yeah it is good. Did you want to start now?
 Why don’t we finish the section first.| Oh. Okay. A little musical foreplay. Terrific. 
 My equations, someone’s tampered with my equations. | Are you sure?
 Of course I’m sure. Look at the beta-function of quantum chrono-dynamics, the sign’s been changed. | Oh yeah. But doesn’t that fix the problem you’ve been having?
 Listen, I got to hit the lab. Thanks for a great night. | Thank you, I’ll see you at work. 
 Oh, hey Leonard.| Oh, hi.
 So, how’s it going?| Pretty good. 
 Just pretty good, I’d think you were doing very good. | Pretty, very, there’s really no objective scale for delineating variations of good, why do you ask?
 Well, a little bird told me that you and Lesley hooked up last night. | Sheldon!
 So, is it serious, do you like her?| Wuh, I don’t…. th-th-th-that’s really two different questions, uh, I’m not…. Sheldon, we have to go! 
 Alright, well, I’ll talk to you later, but, I am so happy for you Leonard. | Thank you. What did she mean, she’s happy for me? Is she happy because I’m seeing someone, or is she happy because she thinks that I’m happy, because anyone who cared for someone would want them to be happy, even if the reason for their happiness made the first person unhappy. You know, because the second person, though happy, is now romantically unavailable to the first person.
 Do you realise I may have to share a Nobel Prize with your booty call?| You know what, I’m being ridiculous. But who cares what Penny thinks, Lesley is a terrific girl, she’s attractive, we like each other, she’s extremely intelligent.
 She’s not that intelligent.| She fixed your equation.
 She got lucky.| You don’t believe in luck.
 I don’t have to believe in it for her to be lucky. | Regardless, I have a chance at a real relationship with Lesley, I’m not going to pass that up for some hypothetical future happiness with a woman who may or may not want me to be happy with a woman who is currently making me happy. 
 Leonard?| Yeah. 
 Careful  Leonard, liquid nitrogen, 320 degrees below zero. | Brrrr. Why are you smashing a flash frozen banana.
 Because I’ve got a bowl of Cheerios and I couldn’t find a knife.| So anyway (puts arms around her) Hello.
 Uh, what are you doing?| Just extending the intimacy. Do you want to slip over to the radiation lab and share a decontamination shower?
 Okay, uh, what exactly do you think’s going on between us?| I’m not sure, but I think I’m about to discover how the banana felt. 
 Listen, Leonard, neither of us are neuroscientists but we both understand the biochemistry of sex, I mean, dopamine in our brains is released across synapses causing pleasure. You stick electrodes in a rat’s brain, give him an orgasm button, he’ll push that thing until he starves to death.  | Who wouldn’t? 
 Well, the only difference between us and a rat is that you can’t stick an electrode in our hypothalamus. That’s where you come in. | Yeah, well, I’m just glad to be a part of it. So what happens now?
 Well, I don’t know about your sex drive, but I’m probably good till New Years. | Oh. Okay. Thank you.
 Thank you!| You want to make plans for New Years.
 Hey, look, it’s Doctor Stud!| Doctor what?
 The blogosphere is a-buzzing with news of you and Lesley Winkle making eine kleine bang-bang music. | Wha… how did it get on the internet?
 I put it there. | Well, how did you know about it?
 A little bird told us. Apparently you are a magnificent beast. | Well, that part’s true! 
 You know, I think I may have misjudged this restaurant. | No kidding.
 I won’t go out on a limb, but I think we may be looking at my new Tuesday hamburger. | Your old Tuesday hamburger will be so broken hearted. 
 Way ahead of you. I was thinking of moving Big Boy to Thursdays, and just dropping Soup Plantation. | Really?
 Um, I don’t know, a psychiatrist? So hey, how are things with you and Lesley? | Oh, to be honest, I don’t think it’s going to work out. 
 Oh, oh that’s too bad. Well hey, don’t worry, I’m sure there is someone out there who is just right for you. (Walks away smiling).| Well what did she mean by that? Was that just a generic platitude or was that a subtle bid for attention? 
 You know why this hamburger surpasses the Big Boy? This is a single decker hamburger whereas the Big Boy is a double decker. This has a much more satisfying meat to bun to condiment ratio. | Are you even listening to me?
 Of course I’m listening. Blah blah, hopeless Penny delusion, blah blah blah.| Okay then. You know, you can grow the ingredients for soup. (Sheldon nods). 
 That was absolutely humiliating.| Oh, come on, some battles you win, some battles you lose.
 Yes, but you don’t have to lose to Kyle Bernstein’s Bar-Mitzvah party. | I think we have to acknowledge, those were some fairly savage pre-adolescent Jews. 
 You know, we were annihilated by our own incompetence and the inability of some people to follow the chain of command. | Sheldon, let it go.
 I was giving clear, concise orders. | You hid behind a tree yelling “get the kid in the yarmulkah, get the kid in the yarmulkah.”
 Oh, hey guys.| Hello Penny.
 Okay, um, oh hey, I’m having a party on Saturday so if you guys are around you should come by.| A party? 
 Dancing?| Yeah, I don’t know, Penny…
 The thing is, we’re not….| We’re really more….
 No.| But thanks, thanks for thinking of us.
 Well, yeah. | Is there a theme?
 As usual, I’m not following.| He’s asking if we can come as anyone from science-fiction, fantasy…
 Bjow (They stare at each other in shock.)| Oh, no. 
 See, this is why I wanted to have a costume meeting. | We all have other costumes, we can change.
 No, no, no, it’s a boy-girl party, this Flash runs solo. | Okay, how about this, nobody gets to be The Flash, we all change, agreed?
 Agreed. | I call Frodo!
 Hey. Sorry I’m late, but my hammer got stuck in the door on the bus.| You went with Thor?
 Really, because I saw Peter Pan, and you’re dressed exactly like Cathy Rigby. She was a little bigger than you, but it’s basically the same look, man. | Hey, Sheldon, there’s something I want to talk to you about before we go to the party.
 I don’t care if anybody gets it, I’m going as the Doppler Effect. | No, it’s not…
 If I have to, I can demonstrate. Neeeeoooowwwww!| Terrific. Um, this party is my first chance for Penny to see me in the context of her social group, and I need you not to embarrass me tonight. 
 Well, what exactly do you mean by embarrass you?| For example, tonight no-one needs to know that my middle name is Leakey. 
 Well, there’s nothing embarrassing about that, your father worked with Lewis Leakey, a great anthropologist. It had nothing to do with your bed-wetting. | All I’m saying is that this party is the perfect opportunity for Penny to see me as a member of her peer group. A potential close friend and… perhaps more. I don’t want to look like a dork. 
 Oh, hey guys. | Hey, sorry we’re late. 
 No, come on, it’s going to be fun, and you all look great, I mean, look at you, Thor, and, oh, Peter Pan, that’s so cute.| Actually, Penny, he’s Rob…
 No you don’t. Oh, hey, what’s Sheldon supposed to be.| Oh, he’s the Doppler Effect.
 Oh, sure, I see it now, the Doppler Effect. Alright, I’ve got to shower, you guys um, make yourselves comfortable. | Okay. 
 I’m confused. If there’s no costume parade, what are we doing here? | We’re socialising. Meeting new people. 
 Penny is wearing the worst Catwoman costume I have ever seen, and that includes Halle Berry’s.| She’s not Catwoman, she’s just a generic cat.
 I’m going to use the mirror technique. She brushes her hair back, I brush my hair back, she shrugs, I shrug, subconsciously she’s thinking we’re in sync, we belong together.| Where do you get this stuff?
 No, seriously, you can, I have transient idiopathic arrhythmia.| I  want to get to know Penny’s friends, I just, I don’t know how to talk to these people. 
 Well, I actually might be able to help.| How so?
 Like Jane Goodall observing the apes, I initially saw their interactions as confusing and unstructured, but patterns emerge, they have their own language if you will. | Go on.
 Well, it seems that the newcomer approaches the existing group with the greeting “How wasted am I?” which is met with an approving chorus of “Dude.”| Then what happens?
 That’s as far as I’ve gotten.| This is ridiculous, I’m jumping in.
 Good luck. | No, you’re coming with me.
 Oh, I hardly think so. | Come on.
 Aren’t you afraid I’ll embarrass you?| Yes. But I need a wing-man.
 Oh, Hi!| Hi.
 Okay, if that is some sort of learning disability, I think it’s very insensitive.| Why don’t you just tell people you’re a zebra?
 Well, why don’t you just tell people you’re one of the seven dwarves. | Because I’m Frodo.
 Yes, well, I’m the Doppler Effect. | Oh no.
 What?| That’s Penny’s ex-boyfriend.
 What do you suppose he’s doing here? Besides disrupting the local gravity field. | If he were any bigger, he’d have moons orbiting him.
 Oh, snap. So I guess we’ll be leaving now. | Why should we leave? For all we know, he crashed the party and Penny doesn’t even want him here. (Penny and Kurt hug).
 You have a back-up hypothesis. | Maybe they just want to be friends. 
 Or maybe she wants to be friends, and he wants something more. | Then he and I are on equal ground.
 Yes, but you’re much closer to it than he is. | Look, if this was 15,000 years ago, by virtue of his size and strength, Kurt would be entitled to his choice of female partners.
 And male partners. Animal partners. Large primordial eggplants, pretty much whatever tickled his fancy. | Yes, but our society has undergone a paradigm shift, in the information age, Sheldon, you and I are the alpha males. We shouldn’t have to back down. 
 True. Why don’t you text him that and see if he backs down?| No. I’m going to assert my dominance face to face. 
 Face to face? Are you going to wait for him to sit down, or are you going to stand on a coffee table?| Hello Penny. Hello Kurt.
 And what are you supposed to be, an Elf?| No, I’m a Hobbit.
 What’s the difference? | Uh, a Hobbit is a mortal Halfling inhabitant of Middle Earth, whereas an Elf is an immortal tall warrior. 
 Well, whatever, why don’t you go hop off on a quest, I’m talking to Penny here.| I think we’re all talking to Penny here.
 Kurt!| Okay, I understand your impulse to try to physically intimidate me. I mean, you can’t compete with me on an intellectual level and so you’re driven to animalistic puffery. 
 Of course not, no, he’s not, you’re not, right Leonard? | No, I said animalistic. Of course we’re all animals, but some of us have climbed a little higher on the evolutionary tree. 
 Okay, Kurt, please.| No, Penny, it’s okay, I can handle this. I’m not a dwarf, I’m a Hobbit. A Hobbit. Are misfiring neurons in your hippocampus preventing the conversion from short-term to long-term memory?
 Okay, now you’re starting to make me mad. | A homo-habilus discovering his opposable thumbs says what?
 What?| I think I’ve made my point.
 Let me remind you, while my moral support is absolute, in a physical confrontation I will be less than useless. | There’s not going to be a confrontation, in fact I doubt if he can even spell confrontation.
 Leonard, are you okay.| Yeah, no, I’m fine. It’s good, it’s a good party, thanks for having us, it’s just getting a little late so….
 Tea. When people are upset the cultural convention is to bring them hot beverages. There there. You want to talk about it?| No.
 Good. There there was really all I had. | Good night Sheldon.
 Hey Leonard.| Hi Penny.
 Hey, I just wanted to make sure you’re okay.| I’m fine. 
 I’m so sorry about what happened.| It’s not your fault.
 Yes it is. That’s why I broke up with him, he always does stuff like that. | So why was he at your party?
 Well, I ran into him last week and, he was…  just, all apologetic, about how he’s changed, he was just going on and on and I believed him, and I’m an idiot because I always believe guys like that and… I can’t go back to my party because he’s there, and I know you don’t want to hear this and I’m upset and I’m really drunk and I just want to… (bursts into tears and rests head on Leonard’s shoulder.)| There there. 
 God, what is wrong with me.| Nothing, you’re perfect.
 Gah, I’m not perfect.| Yes you are. 
 You really think so, don’t you? (She kisses hm.)| Penny?
 Yeah. | How much have you had to drink tonight?
 Just…. a lot. | Are you sure that your being drunk, and your being angry with Kurt doesn’t have something to do with what’s going on here?
 It might. Boy, you’re really smart.| Yeah, I’m a frickin’ genius. 
 Leonard, you are so great. Why can’t all guys be like you? | Because if all guys were like me, the human race couldn’t survive. 
 I should probably go.| Probably. 
 Thank you. (She kisses him again. Kurt is watching.)| That’s right, you saw what you saw. That’s how we roll in The Shire. (Closes door quickly, locks and chains it.)
 No.| Here, let me try. Call McFlono McFloonyloo. Heh-heh. 
 No you won’t. Uh, can I hide out here for a while.| Sure. What’s going on.
 He really needs to dial it down.| So, if you don’t like this Christie, why are you letting her stay? 
 You know, I apologise for my earlier outburst, who needs Halo when we can be regaled with the delightfully folksy tale of the whore of Omaha?| Oh, I don’t think she’s a whore.
 One on one? We don’t play one on one, we play teams, not one on one. One on one!| Well the only way we can play teams at this point is if we cut Raj in half.
 Hey, if you guys need a fourth, I’ll play.| Great idea.
 Okay, I got this, lock and load boys. | It’s the only way we can play teams. 
 Cover this, suckers. Ha-ha-ha!| Penny, you are on fire.
 Gosh, he’s kind of a sore loser, isn’t he?| Well, to be fair, he is also a rather unpleasant winner. 
 Well, it’s been fun.| You know, Penny, we make such a good team, maybe we could enter a couple of Halo tournaments sometime.
 Or we could just have a life. | I guess for you that’s an option.
 Good night, Leonard.| Good night.
 What do you suppose she meant by that?| She’s an enigma, Raj. 
 And another thing, there’s a certain ethic to the game, Penny, a well estab…| She’s gone, Sheldon. 
 It’s called carpal tunnel syndrome, and quite frankly you deserve it. | What’s wrong?
 Um, well, Howard and Christie are… kind of… hooking up in my bedroom. | Are you sure?
 Look, I grew up on a farm, okay, from what I heard they’re either having sex or Howard’s caught in a milking machine. Do you mind if I stay here tonight?| No, take the couch, or my bed, I just got new pillows, hypo-allergenics. 
 Hold that thought, Leonard, a moment.| Let me guess, you have a problem with this.
 Where do I begin? | It’s up to you, crazy person’s choice. 
 Well first, we don’t have house guests, frankly if I could afford the rent I’d ask you to leave. | Your friendship means a lot to me as well, what else? 
 Well, our earthquake supplies, we have a two day, two man kit.| So? 
 So, if there is an earthquake and the three of us are trapped here, we could be out of food by tomorrow afternoon. | I’m sorry, are you suggesting that if we let Penny stay we might succumb to cannibalism?
 No-one ever thinks it will happen until it does. | Penny, if you promise not to chew the flesh off our bones while we sleep, you can stay. 
 He’s engaging in reductio-ad-absurdum. It’s the logical fallacy of extending someone’s argument to ridiculous proportions and then criticising the result, and I do not appreciate it. | I’ll get you a blanket and a pillow. 
 I suggest no liquids after 11pm. | Here you go.
 Yes. If you use my toothbrush I’ll jump out that window. Please don’t come to my funeral. Have a good night. | Sorry about that.
 That’s okay. | FYI, his toothbrush is the red one in the plexiglass case under the UV light. 
 Got it.| Well, sleep tight.
 Thanks. | Funny expression, sleep tight. It refers to the early construction of beds which featured a mattress suspended on interlocking ropes which would occasionally… sleep tight. 
 Hi, Christie.| Leonard. 
 Yeah, no, I meant plans to find some place to live. Other than with me, not that I don’t love having you, but it’s… a little crowded.| Penny, you’re always welcome to stay with us.
 Let me offer a little outside the box thinking here, why doesn’t Christie stay with me.| For one thing you live with your mother.
 Well then, it’s all settled, Christie will stay with Howard, Penny can go back to her apartment, and I’ll watch the last 24 minutes of Doctor Who, although at this point it’s more like Doctor Why Bother. | Sheldon you just can’t dictate…
 When they perfect human cloning I’m going to order twelve of those.| Howard, can’t you see she’s using you?
 I’m sorry, we cannot do this without Wolowitz.| We can’t order Chinese food without Wolowitz?
 Let me walk you through it, our standard is, the steamed dumpling appetizer, General So’s chicken, beef with broccoli, shrimp with lobster sauce and vegetable lo-main. Do you see the problem?| I see a problem. 
 Our entire order is predicated on four dumplings and four entrees divided among four people. | So, we’ll just order three entrees.
 I come from Sacramento. | Can we get an order of dumplings, but with three instead of four.
 No substitutions.| This isn’t a substitution, it’s a reduction. 
 Okay, no reductions.| Fine, bring us three orders of dumplings, that’s twelve, we’ll each have four. 
 No eliminations. | If we have extra, we’ll just take the leftovers home.
 And divide it how, I’m telling you we cannot do this without Wolowitz. | Wolowitz is with his new girlfriend, if you had let me invite Penny then you would have had your fourth.
 Have you seen Penny eat Chinese food, she uses a fork, and she double dips her egg rolls. | We don’t order egg rolls.
 Can we please make a decision, not only are there children starving in India, there’s an Indian starving right here. | Here’s an idea, why don’t we just go out for Indian food.
 How about soup?| Yeah, we can always divide soup.
 Yeah. Okay. So?| Well, with Wolowitz spending all of his time with your friend Christie, 
 She’s not my friend. Friends do not get their friends care bears all sweaty. | Right, anyway, uh, with Wolowitz occupied elsewhere, we had something we wanted to ask you. Sheldon?
 Alright, now Sheldon, you and I are about to have a problem. | Sheldon, remember, we role-played this.
 Alright fellas, I gotta go. Good luck. | Maybe we should have asked if we could go dancing with her and her girlfriend. 
 Okay, assuming we could dance, which we can’t, there are three of us and two of them.| So?
 It’s the Chinese restaurant all over again. I assure you that cutting a dumpling in thirds is child’s play compared with three men, each attempting to dance with 67% of a woman.| Aaah, for God’s sake, Sheldon, you are driving me crazy. 
 Your anger’s not with me, sir, but with basic mathematics.| No, I’m pretty sure my anger’s with you.
 What’s happening to us? We’re falling apart. | Who are you calling?
 No, I’m going to ask him to choose between sex and Halo 3. As far as I know, sex has not been upgraded to include high-def graphics and enhanced weapon systems. | You’re right, all sex has is nudity, orgasms and human contact. 
 I can’t shoot now, I’m cloaking.| Now, Raj, kill Sheldon.
 That’s why the call it cloaking, dead man.| Well then start throwing grenades.
 Hi guys, my friends and I got tired of dancing, so we came over to have sex with you. | That will do, Raj, straight for the tank.
 Told yah! (They leave). | There’s a sniper, use your rocket launcher. 
 And now you’re out of life. Why did you hit pause?| I thought I heard something. 
 What?| No, never mind, alright, go. 
 Damn you, walletnook.com.| Problem?
 The online description was completely misleading, they said eight slots plus removable ID, to any rational person that would mean room for nine cards, but they don’t tell you the removable ID takes up one slot, it’s a nightmare. | Okay, now, do you really need the honorary Justice League of America membership card?
 It’s been in every wallet I’ve owned since I was five. | Why?
 May I present, live from New Delhi, Dr and Mrs V. M. Koothrappali. | Hi.
 Oh, there’s much better. Hi.| Hi! 
 Such sweet young men, they just adopted the cutest little Punjabi baby. | Yeah, we’re not like Haroun and Tanweer!
 Neither do I. Doogie Howser’s been off the air for like, twenty years. | Actually, I read somewhere that it’s one of the most popular programmes in India. 
 It might speak to a cultural aspiration to have one’s children enter the medical profession. | I bet you’re right.
 It’s the entire premise of Fiddler on the Roof.| I’m not a big fan of musicals, but I love that show. 
 Okay, I know what I’m going to do.| What? 
 No need, we have the special edition. | Well, maybe we are like Haroun and Tanweer. 
 Oh dear, I am rightly and truly screwed. | Hey, I thought you were finding new friends.
 Can you believe how pushy she is?| So don’t call her.
 If I don’t call her, I won’t hear the end of it from my parents.| So call her. 
 How can I call her, you know I can’t talk to women. | I’m done, anybody else?
 I didn’t want to make this one.| Look on the bright side, she might turn out to be a nice, beautiful girl. 
 Hi guys.| Oh, hey. 
 I swear to God, Sheldon, one day I’m going to get the hang of talking to you. | His mom’s been saying that for years. What’s up?
 Well, I finally convinced the restaurant to give me a bar tending shift, so I need to practice making drinks.| Oh, great, well the key to acquiring proficiency in any task is repetition.
 So Leonard, how about it?| Look, Penny, we’d love to help you, but Raj is going through some stuff right now. And besides, he doesn’t drink, so… (Raj whispers in his ear) Really? Um, Raj is going through some stuff right now and he’d like to take up drinking. 
 Okay, here you go, Leonard, one tequila sunrise. | Thank you. This drink is a wonderful example of how liquids with different specific gravities interact in a cylindrical container. Thank you. 
 Okay, Raj, what’ll it be? (Raj whispers in Leonard’s ear.) | Whatever you recommend.
 Is there another Penny here? I had such plans. I had dreams. I was going to be the Indira Gandhi of particle astro-physics. But with a penis, of course. | It’s amazing.
 Haven’t you been listening to me, I cannot talk to women.| Um… Raj.
 Okay.| Wait a minute, what’s the plan here? Let’s say he meets her and he likes her and they get married, what’s he going to do, stay drunk for the rest of his life?
 Sorry I’m late.| What happened?
 So, how’s Koothrappali d…. oh my Lord.| What?
 That’s Princess Punchali. | I’m pretty sure her name’s Lalita.
 I know the reason. | We all know the reason. Sheldon, what are you getting at?
 What just happened?| Beats the hell out of me. 
 Oh, now you’re a funny man? This is not funny, Mr Funny Man. | Doctor and Mrs Koothrappali, in all fairness, it wasn’t entirely Raj’s fault. 
 This is a family matter Sheldon.| No, I’m Leonard. 
 What did I do? | You left with his date. Friends don’t do that to each other. 
 Sorry? That’s all you can say is sorry?| Take it, Raj. It’s more than I’ve ever gotten. 
 Okay, well, good night.| Hold on. What happened with you and Lalita?
 We ate. She lectured me on the link between gum disease and heart attacks, nothing I didn’t already know, and I came home. | So you’re not going to see her again?
 Why would I see her again? I already have a dentist. (Exits)| I wonder who’s going to tell his parents they’re not having grandchildren. 
 Oh, maybe a couple of virgin cuba libres that turned out to be kind of slutty. | You didn’t?
 Okay, thanks.| Hang on, hang on, do you not realise what we just did.
 Oh. You know you can just get one of those universal remotes at Radio Shack, they’re really cheap.| No, no, no, you don’t get it, um, Howard, enable public access. 
 Boy, that’s brilliant, but I’ll see you.| No, hang on, hang on. (The lamp goes off and on again.) See! 
 Well, wait, wait, what’s on top of them. | Wireless webcams, wave hello. 
 What? (Seeing red car is trying to get between her legs) Ew, stop it, no, leave me alone. | Who’s running the red Corvette?
 Not to mention you’d have to power down on Saturdays. | Sheldon, why is this letter in the trash? 
 Well, there’s always the possibility that a trash can spontaneously formed around the letter, but Occam’s Razor would suggest that someone threw it out. | It’s from the Institute for Experimental Physics. They want us to present our paper on the properties of super solids at the topical conference on Bowes-Einstein condensates. 
 I know. I read it before I threw it out. | Okay… if I may drill down to the bedrock of my question, why did you throw it out.
 I don’t know, Sheldon, those topical conferences on Bowes-Einstein condensates parties are legendary. | Forget the parties.
 Forget the parties? What a nerd. | Are there any other honours I’ve gotten that I don’t know about? Did UPS drop off a Nobel Prize with my name on it?
 I’ve got one, hey Leonard, your mamma’s research methodology is so flawed….| Shut up, Howard. Sheldon, we have to do this.
 No we don’t. We have to take in nourishment, expel waste, and inhale enough oxygen to keep ourselves from dying, everything else is optional. | Okay, let me put it this way, I’m doing it.
 You can’t. I’m the lead author. | Oh, come on. The only reason you’re the lead author is because we went alphabetically. 
 I let you think we went alphabetically to spare you the humiliation of dealing with the fact that it was my idea. Not to put too fine a point on it, but I was throwing you a bone. You’re welcome. | Excuse me, I designed the experiment that proved the hypothesis. 
 It doesn’t need proving. | So the entire scientific community is just supposed to take your word?
 They’re not supposed to, but they should. | Alright, I don’t care what you say, I’m going to the conference and I’m presenting our findings. 
 And I forbid it. | You forbid it?
 If I’m not taking credit for our work then nobody is. | Oh, you admit that it’s our work.
 No, once again, I’m throwing you a bone. And once again, you are welcome. | Ah!
 So, how’s it going with Sheldon, are you guys still not talking to each other? | Not only is he still not talking to me, but there’s this thing he does where he stares at you and tries to get your brain to explode. You know, like in the classic sci-fi movie Scanners? (Put’s fingers to head) You know, bzzz-pchew! Never mind. How about this one. It says, “I know my physics, but I’m still a fun guy!”
 Oh, hey, I didn’t know they still made corduroy suits!| They don’t, that’s why I saved this one. 
 Okay, well, let’s just see what else you have. Okay, here, take this, and this, and this, and these.| Is this all stuff you want me to try on?
 No, this is stuff I want you to throw out. | Oh.
 Seriously, don’t even give it to charity, you won’t be helping anyone. What’s this.| Oh, that’s the bottled city of Kandor. 
 Uh-huh. | You see, Kandor was the capital city of the planet Krypton, it was miniaturised by Brainiac before Krypton exploded and then rescued by Superman. 
 Oh, nice. | It’s a lot cooler when girls aren’t looking at it.
 Here, why don’t you put these on while I find a shirt and sport-coat to match. | Great, be right back.
 Well, where you going, just put them on. | Here?
 Oh, are you shy? | No, I’m not shy.
 Don’t worry, I won’t look. | I know you won’t look, why would you look, there’s nothing to see, well, not nothing….
 Sweetie, put the pants on.| Putting them on.
 So, you know, isn’t there maybe some way you and Sheldon could compromise on this whole presentation thing.| No. No. Scientists do not compromise. Our minds are trained to synthesise facts and come to inarguable conclusions. Not to mention, Sheldon is batcrap crazy. 
 What is this?| Oh, careful. That’s my original series Battlestar Galactica flight suit. 
 Oh, why didn’t you wear it at Halloween?| Because it’s not a costume, it’s a flight suit. 
 Okay, alright, moving on, oh, wow, a paisley shirt.| Uh-huh, it goes with my corduroy suit. 
 If you mean it should end up in the same place then, I agree. Is this your… your only tie?| Ah. Technically yes, but, if you’ll notice, it’s reversible. So it works as two. 
 Oh, sweetie, I don’t think it even works as one. Is this all your clothes?| Yeah. Everything since the eighth grade. 
 The… the eighth grade?| My last growth spurt. 
 Okay, well, I guess we’re back to the corduroy suit. | Great.
 Don’t you ever speak to me again. | What… (Sheldon goes into apartment and slams the door). 
 Have fun presenting my lucky hunch. | Sheldon I didn’t mean it like that.
 Then why did you say it.| I don’t know, I wasn’t choosing my…
 Were you trying to impress Penny?| No, no not at all. A little bit. 
 Libido 1, truth zero. | Okay, I’m going to ask you one more time, we did the work together, lets present the paper together.
 And I’m telling you for the last time it’s pandering, it’s undignified and bite me. | Let’s go.
 There you go. | You’re right, this side does look better. 
 I just checked the house, there’s probably twenty, twenty-five people in there.| You’re kidding. 
 Is that all?| All? In particle physics, twenty five is Woodstock. 
 Oh, well, then good!| I wasn’t expecting such a crowd, I’m a little nervous. 
 It’s okay, just open with a joke, you’ll be fine. | A joke. Okay. How about this, um, okay, uh there’s this farmer, and he has these chickens, but they won’t lay any eggs. So, he calls a physicist to help. The physicist then does some calculations, and he says, um, I have a solution, but it only works with spherical chickens in a vacuum. (Raj and Howard laugh.) Right? 
 Let’s roll. Hey, nice suit.| It’s a classic, right? 
 Yeah. What the hell was that? | Any other questions?
 Doctor Sheldon Cooper here, I am the lead author of this particular paper. (No reaction.) Thank you. And you, sir, you have completely skipped over the part where I was walking through the park, and I saw these children on a merry-go-round, which started me thinking about the moment of inertia in gasses like helium at temperatures approaching absolute zero. | I didn’t skip it, it’s just an anecdote. It’s not science.
 Oh, I see, was the apple falling on Newton’s head, was that just an anecdote?| You are not Isaac Newton.
 No, no that’s true, gravity would have been apparent to me without the apple. | You cannot possibly be that arrogant.
 You continue to underestimate me, my good man. | Look, if you weren’t happy with my presentation then maybe you should have given it with me.
 As I have explained repeatedly, unlike you, I don’t need validation from lesser minds. No offence. | Really, so why did you come?
 Because I knew you’d screw this up.| I didn’t screw it up.
 Oh, please. I admit, that spherical chicken joke, that was hilarious. But it was straight downhill from there. | I’ve had enough of your condescension. Maybe I didn’t go to college when I was eleven like you, maybe I got my doctorate at 24 instead of 16, but you are not the only person who is smarter than everyone else in this room. No offense. And I am clearly not the only person who is tormented by insecurity and has an ego in need of constant validation.
 So you admit that you’re an egotist?| Yes. (To audience) My name is Dr Leonard Hofstadter, and I could never please my parents so I need to get all my self-esteem from strangers like you. But he’s worse.
 Okay, that is it. (Tries to explode brain again.)| You cannot blow up my head with your mind. 
 You hit me. You saw him, he hit me.| You were trying to blow up my head.
 So it was working.| It wasn’t, it was not, you are a nutcase.
 Oh we’ll see about that (tries again), heads up you people in the front row, this is a splash zone.| Stop, stop it, quit it. (The start to fight.)
 You could have offered me a ride home. | You’re lucky I didn’t run you over. 
 I really don’t understand what you’re so unhappy about, you begged me to come, I came, there’s just no pleasing you. | You’re right, I’m the problem, I’m the one that needs help. 
 Well that’s not much of an apology, but I’ll take it. | Excuse me. Is there anything you’d like to apologise for?
 Somebody got the whole thing on a cell phone and put it on youtube. | What? 
 That would be me. Hey, check it out, it’s a featured video. (The watch). | Oh jeez. Is this suit really look that bad?
 Okay, then riddle me this. Assuming all the good Terminators were originally evil Terminators created by Skynet but then reprogrammed by the future John Connor, why would Skynet, an artificial computer intelligence, bother to create a petite hot 17 year-old killer robot?| Skynet is kinky? I don’t know. 
 Artificial intelligences do not have teen fetishes. | Alright, oh wait, they use it to in…
 Let’s go-oh-oh Ou-oooo-ut tonight. I have to go-oh-oh-oh ou-ooooo-ut tonight. | What the hell is that? 
 You wanna prowl, be my night owl, (Leonard and Sheldon reappear, running down the stairs) we’ll take my… (appearing) Hey guys, hi! Where you going?| What? Oh we just had to… mail some letters and (seeing Sheldon has large bag in hand and bin is nearby) throw away some chicken. (Sheldon very reluctantly does.)
 You’ll never guess what just happened.| Oh, I give up.
 What was that?| Believe it or not, personal growth. What happened?
 I have a conclusion based on an observation.| No you don’t. No he doesn’t.
 Well, the girl they picked to play Mimi, she dropped out and they asked me to replace her. | Oh, congratulations, what a lucky break.
 I think I know.| No you don’t. He doesn’t.
 No.| Because…. uh, Friday, we are attending a symposium on molecular positronium.
 I think that’s a week from Tuesday at six. | No, it’s this Friday, at eight. 
 Oh, too bad, well, I got to get to rehearsal, see you guys. | See you. (Penny exits singing) 
 You just lied to Penny.| Yes, I did. 
 And you did it so casually, no rapid breathing, no increase in perspiration.| So?
 So, lack of a physiological response while lying is characteristic of a violent sociopath. | Sheldon, are you worried about your safety.
 No, I imagine if you were going to kill me you’d have done it a long time ago. | That’s very true. 
 (Knock, knock, knock, knock) Leonard, (Knock, knock, knock, knock) Leonard, (Knock, knock, knock, knock) Leonard…| What?
 I need to speak to you.| It’s two o’clock in the morning
 It’s important.| I highly doubt that. Go away. (Long pause). Are you still out there? 
 Never mind. I clearly woke you up in the middle of a REM cycle, you’re in no state to talk.| Sheldon, what is it? 
 I’m uncomfortable having been included in your lie to Penny. | What was I supposed to say. 
 You could have told her the truth.| That would have hurt her feelings. 
 Is that a relevant factor? | Yes.
 Then I suppose you could have agreed to go. | And what would I have said afterwards? 
 I would suggest something to the effect of, singing is neither an appropriate vocation nor avocation for you, and if you disagree, I’d recommend you have a CAT scan, to look for a tumour pressing on the cognitive processing centre of your brain.| I couldn’t say that, I would have to say, you were terrific and I can’t wait to hear you sing again. 
 Why? | It’s the social protocol, it’s what you do when you have a friend who’s proud of something they really suck at. 
 I was not aware of that. | Well now you are.
 Oh, alright. Leonard.| Yes.
 (Knock, knock, knock, knock) Leonard, (Knock, knock, knock, knock) Leonard, (Knock, knock, knock, knock) Leonard, (Knock, knock, knock, knock) Leonard, (Knock, knock, knock, knock)….. | Oooaw. This would be so much easier if I were a violent sociopath. (Opening door) What?
 I was analysing our lie, and I believe we’re in danger of Penny seeing through the ruse.| How?
 To help you. | I’m sorry, I’m not seeing the help.
 She was going to see through your lie eventually, so I told her that you were lying to protect me. | Oh, I’m getting a bad feeling. 
 Hunger? Indigestion, I’m sorry I’m really not very good at this. Anyway, Penny now believes that on Friday night, we’re going to participate in my cousin Leopold’s drug intervention. | Your cousin Leopold?
 Yea, who most people call Leo, but he also answers to Lee, remember that, it’s important. | What’s important?
 Details, Leonard, the success or failure of our deceitful enterprise turns on details. | Do you have a cousin Leopold.
 No, I made him up. I think you’d call him Lee. | I don’t get it, I already told her a lie, why replace it with a different lie?
 Well, first of all, your lie was laughably transparent, where mine is exquisitely convoluted. While you were sleeping I was weaving an un-unravelable web. | Un-unravelable?
 Yes, if she googles Leopold Houston she’ll find a facebook page, an online blog depicting his descent into drug use, and a desperate yet hopeful listing on e-harmony.com.| Okay, why would I go to a drug intervention for your cousing.
 Ah, because it’s in Long Beach, and I don’t drive. | We’re going to Long Beach?
 No, of course not, there’s no cousin Leo, there’s no intervention, focus Leonard.| Oh, come on!
 We just leave the house on Friday night, and we return in the wee hours emotionally wrung out from the work of convincing Leo to go back into rehab.| So he goes back into rehab?
 Yes, but, he can relapse if Penny ever invites us to go hear her sing again.| You still told her I lied.
 For a noble purpose, to spare me the social embarrassment of having a drug-addled first cousin, which I’m assuming is embarrassing, yes?| I don’t know. How am I supposed to remember all of this.
 That’s the best part, you don’t have to, see I told Penny that you would be embarrassed, if you knew that she found out that you had lied, so she’s agreed to operate as if the original lie was still in force. | So she’s expecting me to lie about going to a symposium in Pasadena, when in actuality we’re pretending to go to a drug intervention in Long Beach? 
 Thanks. I just wanted to come by and wish you guys luck with your symposium. | Oh, well, thankyou.
 You know, I got to tell you, a lot of friends would let their friend go alone, but that’s not who you are, you are the kind of guy who stands by a friend when… when he has a symposium to go to. | I don’t know what to say. 
 It’s okay, Leonard (hugs him.)| Oh, okay, alright, good. 
 Wait a minute, Farminfarmian is speaking and you’re Bogarding the symposium. | Howard, I’m sorry… we’re… we’re
 No, no, you’re quark-blocking us. | I don’t know what to say.
 Wow.| Howard, listen…
 There’s no symposium, Leonard lied to me, isn’t that right Leonard. | Well… I don’t know what to say. 
 No, look, Sheldon’s cousin Leo escaped rehab, and he’s in a Motel 8 at Long Beach, the whole family’s going out for an intervention. Leonard is driving Sheldon down there to help him through this because he’s such a good man.| Oh, another hug, thank you.
 Alright you guys, good luck.| Thanks Penny. 
 So, road trip to Long Beach.| No, we’re not going to Long Beach.
 Why not? | Because Sheldon doesn’t have a drug addicted cousin Leopold. 
 No, no, no, Leonard gets nauseous unless he sits in front, and even then it’s iffy.| Wait, are we really going to Long Beach? 
 (Knock, knock, knock, knock) Leonard, (Knock, knock, knock, knock) Leonard, (Knock, knock, knock, knock) Leonard…| Let it go, Sheldon, the murderer was the first mate whether it makes sense to you or not. 
 No, that’s the least of our worries. I’ve been doing some research on addiction, both the biochemical and behavioural aspects, and I think there’s a problem with the current version of our lie. | What are you talking about, it’s fine, she bought it, it’s over. 
 Sadly, it’s not. Substance abuse is a lifelong struggle, but beyond that I have realised that the Leo I described would not have agreed to go to rehab.| Why not? 
 Because Leo is a middle child. | There is no Leo, how can you say that? 
 You didn’t read the bio, did you? He’s not just a middle child, he’s the quintessential middle child, from a broken home to boot. Psychologically speaking, the attention he gets by rebelling even to the point of self-destruction is more emotionally valuable than the help he would get at rehab.| I’ve got a solution.
 Great, what is it?| Get out.
 Morning. | Who are you? 
 I am Sheldon’s cousin Leo.| Oh, God! Sheldon does not have a cousin Leo.
 For your information, this is all based on solid research, stick with the character profile I wrote for you. | Sheldon?
 It was more of a double major actually. Theatre and physics. You can guess which one my bourgeois parents pushed me towards. | Yeah, I got it, Sheldon, why?
 Well, you see, while Leo would not have gone into rehab, it is completely plausible that we would have talked him into leaving the motel, and coming home with us.| Oh…!
 Then don’t ask me how I’m feeling. | Well, that’s Leo. Hey, um, why don’t you tell me about your showcase last night?
 Oh, it was okay I guess, wasn’t a big turn out but they both really seemed to like it. | There were only two people there?
 How could there be a double blind study, who would be the control group. | As you can see, detoxing can get pretty ugly, let’s give them some privacy.
 Yeah. Hey, do you want to come over to my place, have coffee?| Sounds good.
 I have a video of me singing last night, do you want to see it? | Gee, why wouldn’t I?
 This is even better than you coming to the showcase, because now I get to watch you watch me.| Yeah! Funny how things work out. 
 One day at a time, Penny, one day at a time. | How long is he going to stay here.
 Checkmate.| O-o-o-o-h! Again?
 Obviously you’re not well suited for three-dimensional chess, perhaps three dimensional candyland would be more your speed. | Just reset the board.
 Hi guys.| Hey! 
 Did you get my mail.| Yeah, right here. How was Nebraska?
 Boy, it’s good to be back. | How was your family?
 Sick? | Here we go. 
 Think woman, who blew their nose and when? | Sheldon, relax, she doesn’t have any symptoms, I’m sure she’s not contagious.
 Oh please, if influenza was only contagious after symptoms appear it would have died out thousands of years ago. Somewhere between tool using and cave painting, homo habilus would have figured out to kill the guy with the runny nose. | Penny, you’ll have to excuse Sheldon, he’s a bit of a germophobe. 
 Thanks for your consideration, now please leave.| You’d better go before he starts spraying you with Lysol. 
 Okay, well, thank you for getting my mail.| No problem. Welcome home. (Sees Penny out. Turns to find Sheldon spraying the air with Lysol.)
 I’m making petrie dishes to grow throat cultures. | With lime jello?
 I need a growth medium, and someone polished off the apricot yoghurt. Here, swab my throat.| I don’t think so.
 Leonard! If I’m going to get ahead of this thing I need to find out what’s growing in my throat. | Sheldon, you are not sick. This is, but you are not. 
 We have no idea what pathogen Typhoid Penny has introduced into our environment. And having never been to Nebraska I’m fairly certain that I have no cornhusking antibodies. | Sheldon, don’t you think you’re overreacting? 
 When I’m lying comatose in a hospital relying on inferior minds to cure me, these jello cultures and my accompanying notes will give them a fighting chance. | I’m going back to bed. 
 Wait. (Handing him a measuring jug) Put this in the bathroom.| What for? 
 I need to measure my fluid intake and output to make sure my kidneys aren’t shutting down.| I mix pancake batter in this! 
 No, that measuring cup has always been for urine.| You had time to make a label for everything in this apartment, including the label maker, but you didn’t have ten seconds to make one that said urine cup? 
 It’s right here on the bottom. | Huh. I guess I owe the Betty Crocker company a letter of apology. 
 At six-thirty in the morning? | Yes.
 On Sunday? | Yes.
 Why? | They asked me to come in.
 Well, I didn’t hear the phone ring.| They texted me. 
 Well, as I predicted, I am sick. My fever has been tracking up exponentially since 2am, and I am producing sputum at an alarming rate. | No kidding?
 No. Not only that, it has shifted from clear to milky green. | Alright, well, get some rest and drink plenty of fluids. 
 What else would I drink? Gasses? Solids? Ionised plasma?| Drink whatever you want.
 I want soup.| Then make soup. 
 We don’t have soup. | I’m at work, Sheldon. (A woman enters the apartment building with a barking dog.) 
 Is that a dog?| Yes, 
 In the lab?| Yes, they’re training dogs to operate the centrifuge for when they need dogs to operate the centrifuge for blind scientists, I have to go. 
 How can I ask them when I’m talking to you! (Into phone) Hello.| Howard, it’s Leonard, code Milky Green. 
 Dear Lord, not Milky Green! | Affirmative, with fever.
 Chocolate milk and eggoes please! | Howard, listen to me.
 Then call your own mother. (To Leonard) It was Sheldon.| I tried to stop you. 
 It’s my own fault, I forgot the protocol we put in place after the great ear infection of ’06. | You call Koothrappali, we need to find a place to lay low for the next eighteen to twenty four hours. 
 That’s a negatory. But there’s a Planet of the Apes marathon at the New Art today. | Five movies, two hours apiece. It’s a start. 
 Well I’d like to point out, I voted for orang-utan, but you shouted me down. (Phone rings).| Oh, hi Penny!
 Hey, where are you? | I’m… uh… at work.
 You sound funny.| I’m… uh… in a… I’m in a radiation suit. What’s up?
 Can you please come get him? | Uh, yeah, I’d be… I’d be happy to Penny. (Holds phone up, Howard makes warning siren noises) Oh my God there’s a breech in the radiation unit (Raj joins in) The whole city is in jeopardy, oh my God, Professor Googenfeil is melting, gotta go, bye! (To Howard and Raj) I feel really guilty. 
 Here we go, ten and a half hours of apey goodness. | Oh dammit, my glasses. Okay, I’m blind here guys, can you help me find them?
 Sorry. (Crunching sound) Found ‘em. | Oh great.
 Sorry, don’t you have a spare.| Yeah, at home. 
 How about Lasic? | You want me to get eye surgery? 
 Well?| I’m thinking! 
 The living room appears to be empty. | Okay, he must be in his bedroom. My spare glasses are in my bedroom, on my dresser, next to my Bat-signal. 
 I’m not going in there.| Raj?
 No way, Jose. | Well I can’t do it, I can’t see anything. 
 It’s all right, wireless mini-cam and Bluetooth headset. We’ll be your eyes. | Fine.
 One more thing. This is a subsonic impact sensor. If Sheldon gets out of bed and starts to walk, this device will register it and send a signal to the laptop. At that point, based on the geography of the apartment and the ambulatory speed of a sick Sheldon, you’ll have seven seconds to get out, glasses or no glasses.| Won’t my footsteps set it off? 
 No, you’ll be on your hands and knees. Now you’ll need to get the sensor as close as you can to Sheldon’s room. | Well, how do I carry it if I’m on my hands and knees?
 Stay low. Bear left. Now keep true.| What? 
 It means go straight.| Then just say go straight. 
 You don’t stay go straight when you’re giving bearings, you say keep true. | Alright (Bangs head on a trunk.) I just hit my head. 
 Angle your head to the right. A little more. A little more. (Leonard now has his head at right angles to his body) That’s it, now just keep true. Alright, you’re close enough to Sheldon’s room, deploy the sensor. Now turn it on.| It wasn’t on? 
 No.| Then why did I have to crawl? 
 Oh, I guess you didn’t. | Okay, it’s on.
 Good. From this point forward you will have to crawl. | I know. 
 Told you the sensor would work. | Hi!
 You deliberately stuck me with Sheldon. | Well, I had to, you see what he’s like. 
 Uh, it’s okay, sweetie, good news, Leonard’s home!| No! 
 Here you go, good luck, bye.| W-wait! 
 Leonard, I’m hungry!| Wait! Penny! Take me with you! (Runs after her and bumps into pillar. Falls semi-conscious to the floor.  Sheldon appears in his comforter.) 
 Do you think Penny will come here and take care of us? | I don’t think Penny’s ever coming here again. 
 I’m very congested. | Yeah, so?
 Can you go to the kitchen, and get me the turkey baster labelled mucus.| If I stand, I’ll vomit. 
 Here’s the problem with teleportation.| Lay it on me. 
 Assuming the device could be invented which would identify the quantum state of matter of an individual in one location, and transmit that pattern to a distant location for reassembly, you would not have actually transported the individual. You would have destroyed him in one location, and recreated him in another.| How about that. 
 Personally, I would never use a transporter. Because the original Sheldon would have to be disintegrated in order to create a new Sheldon.| Would the new Sheldon be in any way an improvement on the old Sheldon? 
 No, he would be exactly the same. | That is a problem. 
 Gentlemen, I’d like you to meet Dennis Kim. Dennis is a highly sought after Doctorial candidate and we’re hoping to have him do his graduate work here. | Graduate work, very impressive.
 Well, I lost a year while my family was tunnelling out of North Korea. | Advantage Kim. 
 Dennis, we discussed this, we’re in the process of updating our equipment, and we welcome your input on our research goals, and we’ve agreed to look the other way if you want to use up to 20% of the grant money you attract to smuggle your grandfather out of Pyongyang. We want him here boys, make it happen.| Yes sir. 
 A year and a half.| No kidding, you speak English really well.
 So do you. Except for your tendency to end sentences with prepositions. | What are you talking about? 
 Nope. Goodbye. | Come on, Sheldon, we’ve hardly shown him anything.
 Leonard.| Huh, yeah? 
 Get him out. | Come on, Dennis, I’ll show you the rec centre, they’ve got nautilus equipment.
 Do I look like I lift weights. | Not heavy ones. 
 Get him out Leonard.| Come on, Dennis, I’ll show you the radiation lab.
 You were the youngest person ever to win it. | It’s like looking into an obnoxious little mirror, isn’t it? 
 Uh-uh-uh. | Something you’d like to share? A tale of woe perhaps.
 You know, Sheldon, you don’t have so many friends that you can afford to start insulting them. | Just eat, Sheldon, you’ll feel better. 
 I’m confused, did Sheldon stop giving milk? | You can’t let this kid get to you. You always knew that someday someone would come along who was younger and smarter.
 We liked Leonard.| Well, what are you going to do, Sheldon, give up?
 Hey.| Hey.
 I’ve decided you’re right. My career is not over. | Great.
 But, since the arrival of Dennis Kim has rendered my research pointless, I just have to find something else to focus on.| Great.
 So I’ve decided, I’m going to collaborate with you.| Great. 
 What exactly is it you do? I know you chatter on about it all the time, but I’ve never really paid attention.| Okay, well, right now I’m designing an experiment to study the soft component of cosmic radiation at sea-level, but I really don’t need any help. 
 Oh, sure you do. Now, see, what’s this here in the schematic, is that a laser array?| Yes.
 No. Hmmm. What happens if you use argon lasers instead of helium neon?| It would blow up.
 Are you sure? | Pretty sure.
 Pretty sure’s not very scientific, is this how you normally work, just hunches and guesses and stuff?| Okay, Sheldon, I understand that you’re going through a bit of a career crisis, you’re searching for some other area where you can feel valuable and productive but I need to tell you something and I want you to listen carefully. 
 Alright.| Go away.
 Is he here? | If he were, I wouldn’t be. 
 Do you know what he did. He watched me work for ten minutes, and then started to design a simple piece of software that could replace me. | Is that even possible?
 Something’s got to be done about him, Leonard.| Like what? He’ll never be able to cope with the fact that some fifteen year-old kid is smarter and more accomplished than he is. 
 Then our problem would be solved. | Hang on, are we talking about murdering Dennis Kim? I’m not saying no. 
 The only thing we need to do is make this Kim kid lose his focus.| That won’t happen, he’s not interested in anything but physics.
 What about biology? | What?
 You know, biology? The one thing that can completely derail a world class mind. | Howard, he’s fifteen.
 What?| Howard, that’s racist, any fifteen year-old girl will do the trick. (Penny slams door.)
 Why are all these young women here?| It’s take your daughter to work day. 
 There’s the man of the hour. | Okay, so we now have a socially awkward genius in a room full of attractive age-appropriate women. 
 All he has to do now is hook up with one of them. (The look at Dennis, who is picking his ear.)| Does anyone else see the flaw in this plan?
 We need a social catalyst.| Like what? We can’t get fifteen year-old girls drunk.  
 Or can we?| No, we can’t. 
 Hey, Howard. You’re a Jew. If there was another wailing wall, exactly like the one in Jerusalem, but close to taco stands and cheap prescription drugs, would you still be able to wail at it? Okay, it’s definitely me. | Okay, we cannot leave this to chance, lets pick a girl, and figure out how to get her together with Dennis. 
 Okay, uh, how about her? | Sure. If he wants to spend a couple of years doing her homework while she drinks herself into a stupor with non-fat White Russians, while you’re the one holding her head out of the toilet while she’s puking and telling you she wishes more guys were like you, and they she gets into Cornell because you wrote her essay for her, and you drive up to visit her one weekend and she acts like she doesn’t even know you. 
 Interesting, kind of pretty, a little chubby so probably low self-esteem. | I think that’s our girl. One of us should go talk to her. 
 I can’t talk to her, you do it. | I can’t just go up and talk to her. Howard, you talk to her. 
 You know, if we were in India this would be simpler. Five minutes with her dad, twenty goats and a laptop and we’d be done.| Well, we’re not in India. 
 Alright, why don’t we do it your way then? We’ll arrange for this girl to move in across the hall from Dennis so he can pathetically moon over her for months on end.| Okay, that was uncalled for.
 Well, uh, well, uh….| The kid got a girl. 
 He’s back.| Yeah, mission accomplished. 
 I guess times have changed since we were young. Smart is the new sexy. | Well, why do we go home alone every night, we’re still smart. 
 Unbelievable. Components I built are on the International Space Station, and I get a ticket for launching a model rocket in the park. | I don’t know if the ticket was so much for the launch as it was for you telling the policewoman “you have to frisk me, I have a rocket in my pants.”
 You know, I kind of feel bad about what we did to him. (Dennis is now snogging the face off Emma)| Yeah, we really ruined his life. 
 Oh, please. For Vulcans, mating, or, if you will, Pon Farr, it’s an extremely private matter.| Still, I’d like to know the details. His mother was human, his father was Vulcan, they couldn’t just conceive.
 Hi, can you help me, I was writing an email and the A key got stuck. Now it’s just going “aaaaaaa”.| What did you spill on it?
 Nothing. Diet coke. And yoghurt. A little nail polish. | I’ll take a look at it. 
 Gentlemen, switching to local nerd news. Fishman, Chen, Chowdry, McNair aren’t fielding a team in the university physics bowl this year. | You’re kidding, why not?
 Recognise. | This is our year! With those guys out, the entire physics bowl will kneel before Zod. 
 You want me to use my intelligence in a tawdry competition? Would you ask Picasso to play Pictionary? Would you ask Noah Webster to play Boggle? Would you ask Jacques Cousteau to play Go Fish? | Come on, you need a four person team, we’re four people. 
 I want tickets to that please. | Sheldon, what, do I need to quote Spock’s dying words to you.
 No, don’t. | The needs of the many.
 How about the perpetual motion squad? It’s beyond the laws of physics, plus a little heads up for the ladies. | The ladies?
 Maybe so. But you can’t incinerate a Bengal Tiger with a magnifying glass. | Let’s put it to a vote. All those in favour….
 Point of order. I move that any vote on team names should be unanimous. No man should be forced to emblazon his chest with the bengal tiger, when common sense dictates it should be an army ant. | Will the gentleman from the great state of denial yield for a question? 
 I will yield.| After we go through the exercise of an annoying series of votes, all of which the gentleman will lose, does he then intend to threaten to quit if he does not get his way?
 He does. | I move we are the Army Ants, all those in favour?
 Good afternoon, and welcome to today’s physics bowl practice round. I’m Penny, and I’ll be your host, because apparently I didn’t have anything else to do on a Saturday afternoon, and isn’t that just a little sad? Gentlemen, are you ready?| Yes.
 You know, it’s none of my business, but isn’t a guy who can’t speak in front of women going to hold you back a little?| Oh, uh, he’ll be okay once the women are mixed into the crowd. He only has a problem when they’re one on one and smell nice.
 Oh, thanks Raj, it’s vanilla oil.| I was actually the one who noticed, okay, let’s just start. 
 That is correct.| I knew that too.
 By that logic I should answer all the anthropology questions because I’m a mammal.  | Just ask another one.
 And of course it’s Gravity Probe B.| Sheldon, you have to let somebody else answer. 
 Alright, that’s it.| Howard, sit down.
 Okay. | maybe we should take a little break.
 Leonard, excellent, I want to show you something.| Can it wait, I need to talk to you.
 Just look. I’ve designed the perfect uniforms for our team. The colours are based on Star Trek, the original series. The three of you will wear support red, and I will wear command gold. | Why do they say AA? 
 Army Ants. | Isn’t that confusing? AA might mean something else to certain people. 
 Why would a physics bowl team be called anodised aluminium?| No, I meant…. never mind. Hey, check it out. I got you a Batman cookie jar!
 Oh neat, what’s the occasion?| Well, you’re a friend, and you like Batman, and cookies, and you’re off the team. 
 What?| Howard, Raj and I just had a team meeting. 
 No you didn’t.| Yes we did, I just came from it.
 Okay, I don’t know where you just came from, but it couldn’t have been a team meeting because I’m on the team and I wasn’t there, ergo the team did not meet. | Okay, let me try it this way, uh, I was at a coffee klatch with a couple of friends and one thing led to another and it turns out you’re off the team. 
 Why?| Because you’re taking all the fun out of it.
 Well, I’m sorry, is the winner of the physics bowl the team that has the most fun?| Okay, let me try it this way, you’re annoying and no-one wants to play with you any more. 
 I see. Well. At this point I should inform you that I intend to form my own team and destroy the molecular bonds that bind your very matter together, and reduce the resulting particulate chaos to tears.| Thanks for the heads up. 
 You’re welcome. One more thing.| Yes.
 So who’d he get to be on his team.| He won’t say. He just smiles, and eats macaroons out of his bat jar. 
 He’s using psychological warfare. We must reply in kind. I say we wait until he looks at us, then laugh like, yes, you are a smart and strong competitor, but we are also smart and strong and we have a reasonable chance of defeating you. | How exactly would that laugh go? 
 That sounds more like, we are a tall thin woman who wants to make a coat out of your Dalmatians. | Guys, let’s remember that Sheldon is still our friend and my room mate.
 So?| So nothing, let’s destroy him. 
 You know who’s apparently very smart, is the girl who played TV’s Blossom. She got a PhD in neuroscience or something. | Raj, we’re not getting TV’s Blossom to join our physics bowl team. 
 Gentlemen, I believe I’ve found the solution to all our problems. | We can’t ask Leslie Winkle.
 Why? Because you slept together and when she was done with you she discarded you like last night’s chutney? | Yes. 
 Yeah. Sack up, dude. | Fine. Here I go, taking one for the team. In the sack. Hey Leslie.
 Hi guys.| Leslie, I have a question for you, and it might be a little awkward, you know, given that I…
 Leonard, there’s no reason to feel uncomfortable just because we’ve seen each other’s faces and naked bodies contorted in the sweet agony of coitus. | There’s not? Gee, cos it sure sounds like there should be. 
 Rest assured that any aspects of our sexual relationship regarding your preferences, your idiosyncrasies, your performance, are still protected by the inherent confidentiality of the bedroom.| That’s all very comforting, but if it’s okay, I’d like to get on with my question now.
 Proceed.| We are entering the physics bowl and we need a fourth for our team.
 That arrogant, misogynistic East-Texas doorknob that told me I should abandon my work with high energy particles for laundry and child bearing? | She’s in. 
 So, how do you feel? Nice and loose? Come to play? Got your game face on? (The guys look confused.) Are you ready?| Oh, yeah. You know you don’t have to stay for the whole thing. 
 Gentlemen.| Sheldon.
 Sheldon. I’m just going to sit down. | So, is that your team.
 Okay, if everyone could please take your seats. | Here’s your tee-shirt. (Hands her a tee-shirt with PMS on it. Takes jacket off to reveal similar.) 
 PMS? It’s a couple of days early, but…| No, it stands for Perpetual Motion Squad. 
 Okay, well let’s jump right in, first question, for ten points. What is the isospan singlet partner of the Pi Zero Meson? (Buzz) PMS?| The Eta Meson.
 Holy crap. | What the hell is that.
 It looks like something they found on the ship at Roswell. | Come on, think, Leslie.
 Leonard, it’s not going to work if you rush me, you have to let me get there.| You’re never going to let that go, are you? 
 Ten seconds. (Buzz) PMS.| Sorry, I panicked. 
 Then guess.| Um, eight. (Gablehouser stares at him.) Point four. 
 Alright, the winner of the match is…| Hang on. Sheldon, is proving that you are single-handedly smarter than everyone else so important that you would rather lose by yourself than win as part of a team. 
 I don’t understand the question. | Go ahead.
 Who?| My Physics Bowl Trophy! 
 That trophy is meaningless, I forfeited, therefore you did not win. | I know someone who would disagree.
 Who?| My Physics Bowl Trophy! (In weird voice) “Leonard is so smart, Sheldon who?”
 Alright that is very immature.| You’re right, I’m sorry. (In voice, waving trophy in Sheldon’s face) I’m not! 
 Okay, new contest. | What are you doing?
 Absolutely.| Bring it on.
 Van Halen. Alright, Madonna was married to this Ridgemont High alum. (Pause) Oh my God, Sean Penn!| How do you know these things?
 William Shatner.| Wait, I don’t think it’s Shatner.
 Turkey and roast beef with swiss and lettuce on wholewheat. It’s the right ingredients but in the wrong order. In a proper sandwich the cheese is adjacent to the bread to create a moisture barrier against the lettuce. They might as well have dragged this thing through a car wash. | I don’t believe it.
 I know, it’s basic culinary science. | Some guy is auctioning off a miniature time machine prop from the original film and no-one is bidding on it. 
 A time machine from the movie The Time Machine? | No, a time machine from Sophie’s Choice. 
 Oh, that’s cool.| Uh-huh.
 It’s only $800?| Yeah. And that’s my bid.
 You bid $800.| It was a spur of the moment thing, I figured it would go for thousands and I just wanted to be a part of it. 
 Do you have $800?| Not to blow on a miniature time machine. 
 Fifteen seconds.| Come on, snipers. 
 Ten, nine, eight…| Where are your snipers?
 Five.| Snipe.
 Four.| Snipe. 
 Three.| Snipe!
 Two.| SNIPE!
 One.| Aaaa-aw! 
 I wonder why no-one else bid, this is a classic piece of sci-fi movie memorabilia. | Yeah, I know, I still can’t afford it. 
 Did the listing actually say miniature?| I just assumed. Who sells a full sized time machine for $800?
 Cocktain shrimp are $12.50.| How are we going to get it upstairs? 
 If we take the dish off it might fit in the elevator. | Yes but the elevator’s been broken for two years. 
 What are you doing?| Oh, just, you know, moving… something upstairs. 
 What is it?| It’s… you know, time machine. 
 Yeah, okay, neat, but I really got to get to work, so….| Uh, just give us a few minutes.
 Damn, okay, I’ll just take the roof. | Hey, if you wait for us to set up the time machine, I can drop you off at work yesterday. Time travel joke, it’s not… never mind. 
 For what it’s worth, I thought it was humorous. | Let’s just do this. Guys, ready to push?
 I don’t know what you were worried about. I think it really works in the room.| Yeah. It is by far the coolest thing I have ever owned. 
 Alright, I think we’re going to need some ground rules, in addition to the expected no shoes in the time machine and no eating in the time machine, I propose that we add pants must be worn at all times in the time machine. | Seconded. 
 I still want it on my balcony. I say we move it on a bi-monthly basis. | That sounds fair.
 No. | Sheldon, you can’t be selfish, we all paid for it, so it belongs to all of us. Now out of the way so I can sit in my time machine. (Sits and turns it on. The three lights on the front illuminate. All let out an “oh”.) Okay, I am setting the dials for March 10th, 1876. 
 Wait a minute, I’d want to see that too. | So, when it’s your turn you can.
 If I remember correctly, Captain Kirk will steal a cloaking device from the Romulans on Stardate 5027.3, which will be January 10th 2328 by pre-federation reckoning.| Okay, I am setting the dials for January 10th, 2328. Here we go into the future. (Pulls lever, the disk begins to spin. The other guys all run around the flat as if moving in fast motion.) That was fun. 
 Okay, first of all, what you call a gap was nearly three feet wide, I slipped and skinned my knee.| Are you okay?
 Zzz-zz-zz-zz! Second of all, the door to the stairwell of the other building was locked, so I had to go down the fire escape which ends on the third floor, forcing me to crawl through the window of a lovely Armenian family, who insisted I stay for lunch. | That doesn’t sound too bad.
 It was eight courses of lamb, and they tried to fix me up with their son.| Sorry.
 Time machine. | The lights flash and the dish spins, you wanna try it?
 Leonard, it’s two in the morning. | So?
 So it’s my turn. Why did you set it for the day before yesterday?| Because I want to go back and keep myself from getting a time machine.
 You can’t. If you were to prevent yourself from buying it in the past, you would not have it available in the present to travel back and stop yourself from buying it, ergo you would still have it. This is a classic rookie time travel mistake. | Can I go back and prevent you from explaining that to me?
 Same paradox. If you were to travel back in time and, say, knock me unconscious, you would not then have the conversation that irritated you, motivating you to go back and knock me unconscious. | What if I knocked you unconscious right now? 
 It won’t change the past. | But it would make the present so much nicer. 
 Are you upset about something? | What was your first clue?
 Well, it was a number of things. First the late hour, then your demeanour seems very low energy, plus your irritability…| Yes I’m upset. 
 Oh! I don’t usually pick up on those things. Good for me. | Yeah, good for you. 
 Oh, wait. Did you want to talk about what’s bothering you? | I don’t know. Maybe.
 Wow, I’m on fire tonight. | Uh, here’s the thing. Girls like Penny never end up with guys who own time machines. 
 I disagree. Your inability to successfully woo Penny long predates your acquisition of the time machine. That failure clearly stands on its own.| Thanks for pointing it out.
 In addition, your premise is flawed. In the original film, Rod Taylor got Yvette Mimeaux with that very time machine. In Back to the Future, Marty McFly got the opportunity to hook up with his extremely attractive young mother. | Those are movies.
 What are you doing?| Oh, just, you know, moving a… time machine. 
 Yeah, okay, neat, but I really got to get to work, so….| No problem. (Removes glasses, pulls down out of order tape from lift doors, and forces them open.) Hang on. (Takes Penny in his arms as he holds onto the lift cable.)
 But, what about your time machine.| Some things are more important than toys. (She puts her arms around his neck as he dangles from the cable.)
 Oh, I’m scared. | Don’t worry baby, I’ve got you.
 What are you doing?| I’m packing up all my collectibles and taking them down to the comic book store to sell. 
 Well is that really necessary. If you need money you can always sell blood. And semen. | It’s not about money.
 Lox and bagels, the breakfast of time travellers.| Terrific, does anyone want to buy my share of the time machine?
 Why?| Because I don’t want it any more. 
 Why?| Just… personal reasons. 
 My spidey-sense tells me this has something to do with Penny. | Look, do you want to buy me out or not?
 Screw his balcony, I’ll give you a hundred and twenty and we’ll put it in my garage. | I paid two hundred dollars for my share.
 Three hundred, and I’ll throw in my original 1979 Mattel Millenium Falcon with real light speed sound effects. | No, no more toys or action figures or props or replicas or costumes or robots or Darth Vader voice changers, I’m getting rid of all of it. 
 More importantly, you’ve a Darth Vader voice changer? | Not for long.
 Dibs doesn’t apply in a bidding war. | It’s not a bidding war, I’m selling it all to Larry down at the comic book store. 
 Will you forget dibs! | He offered me a fair price for the whole collection.
 Mom, my bar-mizvah bonds, how much do I got? Thanks. I can go twenty six hundred dollars and two trees in Israel. | Forget it guys, if I sell to one of you, the other two are going to be really mad at me.
 Okay, Leonard, put down the box, let’s talk.| Sorry Raj, my mind is made up.
 No. I can’t let you do this. | Sheldon, get out of my way.
 Okay, okay look, if this is about yesterday, Leonard, I am really sorry about what I said, I was just a bit upset.| No, I needed to hear it.
 I guess that makes me large breasts. | Still, I think it’s time for me to get rid of this stuff and… you know… move on with my life. 
 Really?| Yeah.
 Oh. Wow. Good for you. (Kisses his cheek.)| Thanks. Hey, do you want to, I don’t know, later…
 It worked. It really worked. They said I was mad, but it worked. (Large hairy creatures with glowing eyes emerge from the forest and walk towards him menacingly.) Oh no, not Morlocks! Not flesh-eating Morlocks! He-e-e-e-e-e-e-elp! (With a yelp, he wakes up in the time machine in the living room.) | Sheldon, are you okay? 
 We have to get rid of the time machine. | It is a little big for the living room, isn’t it?
 Yeah, that’s the problem, it’s too big. | I’m glad you agree. I hired some guys to help us move it, come on in fellas. (A pair of Morlocks come through the door.)
 We are testing a new medication for social anxiety, panic attacks, agoraphobia and obsessive compulsive disorder. Why would they be looking for test subjects here? | I don’t know, Raj. Maybe the comic book store doesn’t have a bulletin board. (Sees crowds in the corridor) What’s going on?
 Shhh! Hot girl in Sheldon’s office. | Sheldon’s office? Is she lost? 
 Don’t think so. I followed her here from the parking lot. | Maybe she’s his lawyer.
 Well she’s free to examine my briefs.| Howard…
 Thank you for coming by. (He rises from his desk. Everyone rushes to look nonchalant.) Hello.| Oh, hey buddy. 
 Nobody ever expects me, sometimes you just look and… BAM! (shakes girl’s hand) Howard Wolowitz. | Sheldon, are you going to introduce us? 
 It’s nice to meet you.| You too, swell, also.
 Yeah. | So, how do you two know each other.
 Oh, he once spent nine months with my legs wrapped around his head. | Excuse me?
 Woah, woah. | If the wedding’s not until tomorrow, why don’t you stay with us tonight? 
 They were not friends, they were imaginary colleagues. | Look, you’re here, we have plenty of room.
 And don’t ever call me Shelly.| So it’s settled. You’ll stay with us.
 So anyway, we’re eight years old, and Sheldon converts my easy-bake oven to some kind of high-powered furnace.| Hee-hee, just classic. 
 Hey, Leonard, you left your underwear in the dryer downstairs. | Those are not mine.
 Really, they have your little name label in them. | Yeah, no, I do, I use those… uh… just to polish up my… spear-fishing equipment. I spear fish. When I’m not crossbow hunting, I spear fish. Uh, Penny, this is Sheldon’s twin sister, Missy. Missy, this is our neighbour Penny.
 Hey, Sheldon’s sister’s pretty cute, I w….| I wasn’t staring! 
 I didn’t say you were, I just said she was cute. | Oh. Huh, um, maybe, if you like women who are tall… and perfect. 
 I’m not ignoring my sister. I’m ignoring all of you. | I brought snacks.
 Oh my! Gherkins and….| Onion dip, it’s onion dip. 
 Oh.| We don’t entertain much. 
 Bye Missy.| Bye Missy, see you.
 Goodbye Leonard! | Uh, yeah, no, uh, bye Penny.
 Why should I back off, you back off dude.| Excuse me, this is my apartment and she’s my roommate’s sister.
 So what, you’ve already got Penny. | How do I have Penny? In what universe do I have Penny?
 So I can have Penny?| Hell, no! 
 Excuse me, can I interject something. I’m ordering pizza online, is everyone okay with pepperoni? | Sheldon, can I talk to you in private?
 I guess. Don’t worry, I was going to order you cheeseless.| Thank you. 
 Hmmm? She certainly has the symmetry and low body fat that western culture deems desirable. It’s noteworth that at other points in history, heavier women were the standard for beauty because their girth suggested affluence. | That’s fascinating, but I…
 I didn’t say it was fascinating, I said it was noteworthy.| Alright, noted. But my point is that Koothrappali and Wolowitz… they’re hitting on your sister. 
 Oh. Okay. You know, I don’t want to criticise your rhetorical style but, we’d be a lot further along in this conversation if you’d begun with that thought. | That’s great, but I….
 What I’m saying is that we took quite an unnecessary detour from what I now understand to be your thesis.| Whatever. You have to do something about it.
 Why?| Because she’s your sister. 
 I don’t understand. Yes, we shared a uterus for nine months, but since then we’ve pretty much gone our own separate ways. | Okay, uh…. oh, consider this. With your father gone, it is your responsibility to make sure that Missy chooses a suitable mate. 
 I hadn’t considered that. We do share DNA.| Uh-huh. 
 So there is the possibility, however remote, that resting in her loins is the potential for another individual as remarkable as myself. | Exactly. And, you owe it to yourself and to posterity to protect the genetic integrity of your sister’s future offspring. 
 Who are you to decide that?| He’s the man of his family, you have to respect his wishes.
 You’re out too, by the way.| Say what?
 Wait a minute. Leonard made you aware of that? | We all make mistakes, let’s move on. 
 This has nothing to do with religion. This has to do with the fact that you’re a tiny, tiny man who still lives with his mother. | Sheldon, you are really being unreasonable. 
 Look, we have to settle this.| I agree. Sheldon’s sister is hiding at Penny’s because we’ve all been hitting on her at the same time. 
 You want to go again? Let’s go. | Sit down.
 Okay. | If we’re going to fight over Missy, let’s do it the right way. The honourable way.
 Come on, come on, get up. | Stay down, bitch. Yeah, ha ha, natural selection at work.
 I weep for humanity. | Excuse me while I go tell Missy the good news. (Leaves and knocks on Penny’s door.)
 Ah, hey Leonard.| Hi Penny, how’s it going. Listen, that guy Mike that you were dating, is that still going on?
 Uh, pretty much, why?| Nothing, just catching up. By the way, may I speak to Missy please? 
 Hi, Leonard, what’s up?| Well, since you’re leaving tomorrow I was wondering if you’d like to go out to dinner with me?
 That’s so sweet. But no thanks.| Oh. You have other plans, or…?
 No.| Oh. Alright uh… enjoy the rest of your evening.
 Hey, guys, guys, some of the other waitresses wanted me to ask you something.| Oh, it’s called trestling.
 he can scrape it off. | Forget about the cake, how did you know that my birthday is Saturday? 
 Blah blah blah, a typical Taurus. So, seriously, are we going to see you Saturday?| Oh, I don’t think so.
 Why not?| I don’t celebrate my birthday.
 Shuddup, yeah you do. | No, it’s no big deal, it’s just the way I was raised. My parents focussed on celebrating achievements, and being expelled from a birth canal was not considered one of them.
 It was obviously effective, Leonard grew up to be an experimental physicist. Perhaps if she’d also denied him Christmas he’d be a little better at it. | Thank you.
 So you’ve really never had a birthday party? | No. But it was okay. I mean, when I was little I’d think maybe my parents would change their mind, and surprise me with a party, like this one birthday I came home from my Cello lesson, and I saw a lot of strange cars parked out front, and when I got to the door I could hear people whispering, and I could smell German chocolate cake, which is my favourite.
 And?| Uh, it turns out my grandfather had died.  
 Oh my God, that’s terrible. | Oh, it was kind of like a birthday party. I got to see all my cousins and there was cake, so…7
 Make sure they remember no peanuts.| Howard, every Thai restaurant in town knows you can’t eat peanuts. They see me coming they go “ah, no peanut boy!”
 Hey!| Hey. 
 How’s it going?| Fine. 
 So, listen, the New Art is showing the revised definitive cut of Blade Runner.| Seen it.
 No, you’ve seen the 25th anniversary final cut. This one has eight seconds of previously unseen footage. They say it completely changes the tone of the film. | Oh. Pass. 
 Come on, afterwards there’s a Q & A with Harrison Ford’s body double. | Look, I am in the Halo battle of my life here, there’s this kid in Copenhagen, he has no immune system so all he does is sit in his bubble and play Halo 24/7.
 Can’t you play him some other time?| Not if you believe his doctors. 
 Oh my God, do you smell gas.| No.
 Oh-oh. (Louder) Oh-oh! | What’s the matter?
 This granola bar, there’s peanuts in it.| Oh my God, why did you eat it?
 I don’t know, it was just there.| Well if I had a gun there, would you have shot yourself? 
 Don’t yell at me, I’ve got to go to the emergency room. | Now?
 No, after my tongue has swollen to the size of a brisket. | Alright, um, just, uh, let me get my keys.
 Bad, very bad. | Really, ‘cos you don’t look like you’re swelling up at all, maybe we should just pick up some benedryl at the drug store and go home. 
 We can’t go home. | Why not?
 Becauth (pretends tongue has swollen up) Becauth-th-th. Brissket, Brissket! Water, need water. | Alright, I’ll be right back. 
 No he’s not.| Yes he is.
 I really don’t think the colonoscopy was necessary. | You know, before you got all swollen up, I actually thought you were trying to keep me out of the apartment so you could throw me a surprise party. 
 Oh, right, it’s your birthday, I had no idea it was your birthday, I completely forgot, wow, what a lousy way to spend a birthday, well it’s all over now.| There is a party, isn’t there.
 Maybe.| Howard. 
 Are you mad?| how could I be mad? You actually risked your life because you cared about me.
 Yeah, that’s why I did it. | Alright. Here we go. My first birthday party. 
 I’m so sorry you didn’t get your party.| Oh, it’s okay.
 Happy birthday anyways. (She kisses him full on the lips.)| Hey Penny, when, uh, when’s your birthday?
 My apologies Leonard, I’m only as good as my teacher. | Why are you learning Chinese?
 I believe the Szechuan Palace has been passing off orange chicken as tangerine chicken and I intend to confront them. | If I were you, I’d be more concerned by what they’re passing off as chicken. 
 I need to use your window.| Oh, yeah, no, sure, go ahead. 
 Hey Jerkface, you forgot your iPod! (Throws it out.)| What’s going on?
 I’m fine, Leonard, just go away.| Look, I understand that breaking up with someone can be very painful….
 GO AWAY!| Okay, feel better, bye. (Goes back to apartment) She doesn’t want to talk. 
 What else? Sell it on ebay as slightly used. | It was Penny’s boyfriend’s, they broke up.
 Apparently he posted intimate details of their physical relationship on his blog, which I cannot find anywhere. | You know what, I’m going to go back and try talking to her again.
 Good idea. Sit with her, hold her, comfort her, and if the moment feels right, see if you can cop a feel. | I’m not going to do that, Howard.
 I’m not aware of any social convention that requires you to intervene at all.| What about “damsel in distress?”
 Twelfth century code of chivalry, not exactly current. You’d also have to be knighted for that to apply. | I don’t care. She’s upset, I’m going over there. 
 Remember to sit on your hands a bit so they’re warm. | I’m her friend, I’m not going to take advantage of her vulnerability.
 What, so you’re saying that if in the depths of despair she throws herself at you and demands you take her, right there, right now, you’ll just walk away?| I said I’m her friend. Not her gay friend. 
 Wait. | Wait, did you say wait?
 Tell me the truth. Am I just an idiot who picks giant losers? | No. No. 
 Okay, so I pick good guys, but turn them into losers. | Of course not.
 Well, it’s got to be one or the other, which is it?| I’m sorry, what were the choices again? 
 I really thought Mike was different, I thought he was sensitive and smart. I mean, not you smart, normal non-freaky smart. | Yeah, no, sure.
 You know, and then he just goes and has to humiliate me by writing about me on his blog so the entire world can read it.| Actually it’s not all that easy to find. 
 Yeah, really, well my friends at work found it, my sister found it, judging by my email a number of prisoners at the Michigan State Penitentiary found it. | Okay, well, what exactly did this guy write, not that I need to know the details of your sex life, I just thought…. never mind. 
 Nope, you know what, you might as well read it, everybody else has, go ahead. Oh God, I just feel so betrayed and embarrassed. I just want to crawl into a hole and die.| Okay, well, you know, this isn’t that bad. It just paints the picture of a very affectionate woman who’s open to expressing her affection in non traditional locales. 
 Oh God!| Elevators, parks, movie theatres, out of curiosity, is this subway the transportation system or subway the sandwich shop? 
 Sandwich shop.| Doesn’t that violate the health code?
 No, at the sub shop we were only making out. | Huh. Okay. But my point is that you have absolutely no reason to be embarrassed. 
 Really, do you think I overreacted?| Maybe a little.
 ‘Cause I do that, I do overreact. Maybe I should call Mike and apologise.| No. No, no, that, that would be underreacting. He did break the implied confidentiality of the bedroom and, in your case, the elevator, parks and fast food franchise.
 Yes. You’re right. I should just say I’m done with him. | Yes, you should, go ahead, say it. 
 But I never gave the man a chance to explain. | What is there to explain, it’s all right here, it’s a betrayal. 
 No, you were right the first time, this is a man who loves me, but in his own stupid way he was just trying to show people how he feels. | I’m pretty sure I never said that. 
 No, you did better than that, you helped me see it on my own. | Aw, good for me. Where are you going?
 I’m going over to Mike’s. Leonard, thank you so much.| Oh, sure. Huh, maybe I am her gay friend. 
 I like tangerine chicken, I’m not getting tangerine chicken.| Can we please change the subject.
 Sure. Tell us again how you screwed up and got Penny back together with her old boyfriend.| Just roll the dice. 
 Enslaved by warlocks, stay here till you roll 2, 4 or 6…7| She was mad at him. She was done with him, the relationship was broken beyond repair and I walked over there and I fixed it!
 Actually, I thought the first two renditions were far more compelling. Previously I felt sympathy for the Leonard character, now I just find him to be whiny and annoying. | Just eat your tangerine chicken. 
 I’m sorry I yelled at you. It’s not your fault. | What happened?
 Well, I went over to Mike’s to make up with him.| Yeah, I know, I know that part. 
 But he had already moved on.| Already, that was quick.
 That’s what I said to the woman who had her legs wrapped around his neck. | Oh, Penny, I am so sorry.
 How could he do that.| Oh, well, you know, you did throw an 8 gig iPod… yeah, no, how could he do that. 
 I swear to God, I am done with guys like that. You know, macho, with the perfect body and the hair, and the money.| Yeah, that must get old quick. 
 You know, just once, I would like to go out with someone who is nice, and honest, and who actually cares about me. | What about me?
 What about you what?| What about if you went out with me?
 Are you asking me out?| Um… yes… I am… asking you out. 
 Wow.| I was just going off your comment about the nice guy…
 Yes. | Yes what? 
 Yes, I will go out with you. | Really?
 Yeah. Why not, I mean, what do I have to lose?| Yeah. That’s the spirit. 
 Chong sho sha pwe. (Caption translates to “Long Live Concrete”.) Xie xie. (Thank you) | Sheldon, I think I’ve made a mistake. 
 I can see that. Unless you’re planning on running a marathon, choosing both stuffing and mashed potatoes is a starch filled redundancy.| No, it’s about Penny.
 A mistake involving Penny? Okay, you’ll have to narrow it down. | I don’t think I can go out with her tonight. 
 Then don’t.| Other people would say “why not?” 
 Other people might be interested. | I’m going to talk anyway.
 I assumed you would. | Now that I’m actually about to go out with Penny, I’m not excited, I’m nauseous. 
 Ah, then your meal choice is appropriate. Starch absorbs fluid which reduces the amount of vomit available for violent expulsion. | Right.
 You also made a common grammatical mistake, you said nauseous when you meant nauseated. But go on. | Sheldon, this date is probably my one chance with Penny, what happens if I blow it. 
 Well, if we accept your premise, and also accept the highly improbable assumption that Penny is the only woman in the world for you then we can logically conclude that the result of blowing it would be that you end up a lonely, bitter old man with no progeny. The image of any number of evil lighthouse keepers from Scooby Doo cartoons comes to mind. | You’re not helping. 
 Alright, what response on my part would bring this conversation to a speedy conclusion?| Tell me whether or not to go through with the date.
 Schrodinger’s Cat.| Wow, that’s brilliant.
 Hi.| Hi. 
 come on in.| Thank you. You look very nice.
 Thank you. So do you. | I made an eight o’clock reservation.
 Okay, great, listen, um, maybe we should talk first. | Oh. Okay. But before you say anything, have you ever heard of Schrodinger’s Cat? 
 Actually, I’ve heard far too much about Schrodinger’s Cat. | Good. (He grabs her and kisses her.) 
 Oh, that’s very interesting.| It’s also not pink and has no berries.
 Yeah, but it doesn’t really answer my question.| What was your question again?
 Do you want some.| Oh, right, no, I’m lactose intolerant.
 Right.| So, gas.
 Got it. | Well, good night. (They kiss. Camera cuts away to a wall mounted security cam above the lift. Leonard spots its movement and shuffles Penny away.)
 What are you doing?| There was a draft.
 I didn’t feel a draft. | Why don’t we just go into your….
 Oh, yeah, you know what, maybe we should just slow things down a little.| No, no, I didn’t mean to go into your apartment to… go fast. 
 No, I know, I… I know what you meant, it’s just… it’s only our first date.| Yeah, okay, sure, no problem, why don’t we just figure out where we’re going, and when we want to get there, and then rate of speed equals distance over time. Solve for R.
 Or we could just wing it. | That might work too. 
 Goodnight Leonard.| Goodnight. (He throws the camera a dirty look.) 
 Oh, hey, Leonard, how was your date?| Bite me. Sheldon, how could you just sit there and let them spy on me?
 You should thank us. When future generations try to determine why your relationship with Penny crashed and burned, this right here is the black box. | What are you talking about, the date went fine. 
 Dude, she said she wants to slow things down.| Okay, so, she said she wants to slow things down. It’s like saying “I’m really enjoying this meal, I’m going to slow down and savour it.” 
 You being the fish.| I’m not the fish. 
 Oh really, did you make a second date.| Well, we sort of decided to wing it. 
 Oh, even I know that’s lame. | Okay, alright, let’s assume your hypothesis. We went to dinner, we talked, we laughed, we kissed, where could I have possibly gone wrong. 
 Think back, Leonard, the littlest things can set women off. Like, hey, the waitress is hot, I bet we could get her to come home with us. Or, how much does your mom weigh, I want to know what I’m getting into.| I didn’t say anything like that.
 They also don’t care for it if you stare at them and hyperventilate. Sadly, that’s my home run swing. | Look, everything went fine. I didn’t even have to refer to my impromptu conversation starters. The woman across the hall is into me. 
 Interesting, her jaws are clenched, no tongue access, clearly a bad sign amongst mating humans. | That’s not a bad sign.
 And the worst sign of all is, you’re here and not there. | I’m not there because I’m taking things slow. Which, by the way, compared to you guys approaches warp speed. And take down that camera. 
 I.e, I couldn’t become Green Lantern unless I was chosen by the guardians of Oa, but given enough start-up capital and an adequate research facility, I could be Batman.| You could be Batman?
 Hi guys.| Hey.
 Hi Penny.| Hey, Penny, if you’re not doing anything Friday night I thought maybe we could go and see a movie. 
 Oh, um, you know, I think I have the dinner shift on Friday.| What about Saturday?
 You know, I’m not sure, the manager hasn’t posted the schedule yet, how about I let you know.| Great. So you just let me know when you know. So… (she leaves) Oh God, I am the bad fish! What did I do wrong?
 Nothing. You seem to be implying an informational back channel between me and Penny where obviously none exists.| No I didn’t.
 I just think you need to be careful how you phrase things, sir. | What’s going on with you?
 Well I might ask you the same question. Why do you insist on attempting to drag me into matters which have nothing to do with me? But exist between you and Penny. A person to whom I barely speak. (His eye begins to twitch.) | What’s wrong with your face? 
 There’s no reason to bring my looks into this. Good day, Leonard.| What? 
 I said Good Day! (He leaves)| Good day? 
 Leonard, I’m moving out. | What do you mean, you’re moving out? Why? 
 There doesn’t have to be a reason. | Yeah, there kind of does.
 Not necessarily. This is a classic example of munchausen’s trilemma. Either the reason is predicated on a series of sub-reasons leading to an infinite regression, or it tracks back to arbitrary axiomatic statements, or it’s ultimately circular, i.e., I’m moving out because I’m moving out. | I’m still confused.
 That’s kind of an overreaction to a little harmless necrophilia. | It’s not you, Howard, he says he’s moving out. 
 What did you do? Did you change the contrast or brightness settings on the television?| No.
 Did you take a band aid off in front of him? | No.
 Adjust the thermostat, cook with cilantro, pronounce the T in often? | No. 
 Did you make fun of trains? | I didn’t do anything, he’s just gone insane.
 Well, we all knew this day was coming. | That was fast. 
 It’s my pre-packed disaster evacuation bag. Recommended by the department of homeland security. And Sarah Connor. | Where are you gonna live? 
 Yes I do, come on. See you later Leonard. (Sheldon drops keys in bowl and leaves without a word.)| This could work. 
 Hey, there he is, there’s my old buddy-bud-bud. | What’s with him?
 I’m ba-ack!| I still don’t know why you left.
 I can’t tell you.| Why not.
 I promised Penny. | You promised Penny what? 
 That I wouldn’t tell you the secret. Shhhhh!| What secret. Tell me the secret. 
 Mom smokes in the car. Jesus is okay with it, but we can’t tell Dad. | Not that secret, the other secret.
 I’m Batman. Shhhhh!| Dammit, Sheldon! You said Penny told you a secret, what was the secret.
 Okay, I’ll tell you, but you can’t tell Leonard. | I promise. 
 Penny lied about graduating from community college because she is afraid she’s not smart enough for Leonard. | So it’s nothing I did? It’s her problem? 
 I drank milk that tasted funny. | Penny thinks I’m too smart for her, that’s ridiculous. 
 Hi.| Yeah, hi, listen, I know what’s been bothering you about us, and I have the answer. 
 What are you talking about.| First I want to say that it’s not Sheldon’s fault, he tried very hard to keep your secret, if Howard hadn’t drugged him he would have taken it to his grave. 
 He told you?| Yes, but it’s okay. Now that we know what the problem is, there’s a simple solution. (Hands her a brochure.) 
 Pasadena city college? | A place for fun, a place for knowledge. See, this man here’s playing hacky sack, and this girl’s going to be a paralegal. 
 Wow, I get it, because Dr Leonard Hofstadter can’t date a girl without a fancy college degree. | Well, it’s really not that fancy, it’s just a city college. 
 Right, but I have to have some sort of degree to date you? | That doesn’t matter to me at all.
 So, it’s fine with you if I’m not smart. | Absolutely. (She slams the door in his face.) Okay, this time I know where I went wrong. (Looking up and seeing the camera) Oh bite me! 
 Worst Renaissance Fair ever.| Please let it go, Sheldon.
 It was rife with historical inaccuracies. For example, the tavern girl serving flagons of mead, now her costume was obviously Germanic, but in 1487 the Bavarian purity laws or Rhineheitsgebot severely limited the availability of mead. At best they would have had some sort of spiced wine.| You’re nitpicking.
 Hello.| Hi.
 Hey.| So, yeah, good to see you.
 Thanks, my mom made it. Penny with a new guy, tres awkward.| It wasn’t awkward. It wasn’t fun. Besides, what’s the big deal, we dated, we stopped dating, and now we’re both moving on.
 That was not fifteenth century soap, my God those people need to learn you can’t just put “ye olde” in front of anything and expect to get away with it.| Can we please just go in, my chain mail is stuck in my underwear.
 You’re wearing modern underwear?| Relatively modern. Why, what are you wearing?
 I fashioned historically accurate undergarments out of linen.| You went out and bought linen?
 Don’t be silly, I borrowed one of your pillow cases.| Borrowed?
 Are you saying that you’ve been holding back?| Of course. Out of respect.
 Who were you respecting then?| What? I’ve dated plenty of women. There was Joyce Kim, Leslie Winkle.
 Notify the editors of the Oxford English Dictionary, the word plenty has been redefined to mean two.| Uh, what about that girl last year at Comic-con?
 Doesn’t count.| Why not?
 You’re only saying that because of what happened to you.| What happened to you?
 H-h-h-how did we get on me, we were mocking Leonard for not moving on. Dude, you have totally not moved on.| Yes I have, it’s just a matter of actually making a date with someone.
 Like who?| Well, there’s Joyce Kim, but she defected back to North Korea so it’s a little geographically undesireable.
 You’d hit particulate soil on a colloidal suspension. Mud.| Look, I like Leslie, but she’s not interested in dating as much as using men as tools for stress release.
 You know how I know we’re not in The Matrix?| How?
 Ooh, rush me to the burn unit. Hey, Leonard, do you have a second, I need to ask you something.| Uh, sure.
 Wow. So, I heard your relationship with Penny crashed to the ground like blue ice falling out of an airplane lavatory.| Where did you hear that?
 I thought it was a pretty good one, I gave him an L-O-L. Anyway, it got me thinking, now that you’re unattached maybe we can revisit our previous attachment.| Are you suggesting another bout of stress release.
 No, I’m all done with casual sex. From now on I’m fully committed to the traditional relationship paradigm.| Really, what changed?
 It’s hard to say, I guess there’s just a time in every woman’s life when she gets tired of waking up on a strange futon with a bunch of people she doesn’t know.| Yeah, I can see how that would… a bunch of people?
 Anyway, I just figure it’s time to slow things down and who better to slow things down with than you?| Oh, I’m flattered. So, how do you suggest we proceed?
 Your place, we’ll order Chinese, you’ll rent a movie, artsy but accessible, then light petting, no coitus.| Sounds fun.
 I’ll leave the details up to you, I think it’s better if you assume the male role.| Thank you, that’s very thoughtful.
 Great news. My mom sent me my old Nintendo 64.| Terrific.
 You know what this means, don’t you? Break out the Red Bull, it’s time to rock Mario old school.| I kind of have other plans tonight.
 But it’s Friday. Friday’s always vintage game night. Look, mom included the memory card, we can pick up where I left off in 1999 when I had pernicious anaemia.| Well, the thing is, someone’s coming over.
 Well then, no problem, I have three controllers, the more the merrier.| Sheldon, it’s a date, I have a date coming over.
 Oh, well you can’t blame me for not jumping to that conclusion.| Why, what’s so unusual about me having a date?
 Well, statistically speaking…| Alright, alright. Well, uh, nevertheless, I have one now and I would appreciate it if you would, you know, make yourself scarce.
 Leonard, I am a published theoretical physicist with two doctorates and an IQ which can’t be accurately measured by normal tests, how much scarcer could I be?| You know what I mean, could you just give us a little privacy?
 You want me to leave the apartment?| Yes.
 You mean just go someplace else and be… someplace else?| Yes.
 Well, why should I leave, this is my apartment too.| I know it is, and if science ever discovers a second member of your species and you two would like some privacy I would be more than happy to get out of your way.
 This is pretty good Orange Chicken.| Yeah, it’s from Changs.
 Not Chows?| No, Changs.
 What happened to Chows?| It changed.
 I mean there are so many things to talk about before we discuss reproduction.| I sure hope so.
 If by eccentric you mean passive-aggressive East Texas blowhole, I agree.| Well, I think tonight was a very good start.
 Me too. You’re sure you’re okay postponing intercourse until our relationship is past the initial viability test?| No problem, I’m very skilled at postponing intercourse. So I guess I’ll call you and we’ll arrange another evening.
 Yes. I believe protocol dictates that you wait a minimum of 18 hours before you call so I’m not repulsed by your cloying eagerness.| Sure.
 No, he was some kind of scientist, let me start again. Oh, hey Leonard.| Hello.
 If you’re having trouble deciding where to sit may I suggest one potato two potato, or as I call it the Leslie Winkle experimental methodology.| Don’t make this hard for me.
 Leonard, you are my friend. And friends support their friends, apparently. So I am withdrawing my objection to your desire to have a relationship with Leslie.| Thank you.
 Are you going to let him talk to me like that?| Okay, well, there is a lot of merit to both theories.
 You agree with me, right, loop quantum gravity is the future of physics.| Sorry Leslie, I guess I prefer my space stringy not loopy.
 Well, I’m glad I found out the truth about you before this went any further.| Truth, what truth? We’re talking about untested hypotheses, uh, it’s no big deal.
 Oh, it isn’t, really? Tell me Leonard, how would we raise the children?| I guess we let them wait until they’re old enough and let them choose their own theory.
 Look on the bright side.| What’s the bright side?
 Only nine more months to comic-con.| Oh yeah.
 Captain, I’m getting an unusual reading.| Yeah, that’s great, you guys want corn dogs?
 Just click on them. Congratulations, you are now a level three warrior.| What’s going on?
 Leonard, guess what, I’m a level three warrior.| Great, you know there are groceries outside of your apartment?
 Yeah yeah yeah, shhh!| I only bring it up because your ice-cream is melting and it’s starting to attract wildlife.
 You’re okay, if you run into crocodiles just kick them with your boots.| Want to catch me up?
 Well let’s see, uh, she attempted to open her apartment with her car key, because her face is overly Midwestern, um, she hasn’t had sex in six months, and she ate a fly.| Uh-huh. Seriously, six months?
 What the frak?| Beats me. They were playing all last night too.
 I always thought Peppermint Patty was a lesbian?| No, that’s Marcie. Peppermint Patty’s just athletic.
 Leonard, you have to do something about Penny. She is interfering with my sleep, she’s interfering with my work, and if I had another significant aspect of my life, I’m sure she’d be interfering with that too.| Why should I do something, you’re the one who introduced her to online gaming.
 Well, yes, but you’re the one who said hello to her when she moved in. If you’d simply restrained yourself none of this would be happening.| Why don’t you just tell her to leave you alone.
 I did. I told her, I texted her, I sent out a very emphatic twitter. I even changed my facebook status to Sheldon Cooper wishes Penny would leave him alone. I don’t know what else to do.| Well, what am I supposed to do?
 I don’t know, but if you don’t figure something out, I warn you I shall become very difficult to live with.| You mean, up until now we’ve been experiencing the happy funtime Sheldon?
 Yes.| I’ll go talk to her.
 Busy.| Yeah, I see that. Shouldn’t you be at work?
 I don’t work on Mondays.| It’s Thursday. Listen, Penny.
 Uh, Queen Penelope AFK. What?| Okay, um, here’s the thing, um, sometimes people, good people, you know, they start playing these games and they find themselves through no fault of their own, you know, kind of, addicted.
 Yeah, get to the point, I’m about to level up here.| Well, i-i-i-it’s just if a person doesn’t have a sense of achievement in their real life it’s easy to lose themselves in a virtual world where they get a false sense of accomplishment.
 Yeah, jabber jabber jabber, okay boys, Queen Penelope’s back online.| Penny, you’ve got cheetos in your hair.
 Me too. But probably in a different way.| She’s gotten really hooked on Age of Conan, she’s playing non-stop.
 Ah, yes, online gaming addiction. There’s nothing worse than having that multi-player monkey on your back.| Sheldon, wake up.
 I do that too. But probably in a different way.| That’s not what she’s doing, Leslie, she’s just trying to shore up her self esteem, it has nothing to do with sex.
 I’m not touching that.| Leslie, you are way off base here.
 I’ll take the bullet.| Excuse me, this whole idea is insane.
 Uh, sure, why not?| Sheldon…
 Leonard, this is Tom.| Hi Tom. Sheldon? Didn’t I explain to you about your little mistake in the cafeteria?
 Yes, you were very clear, as was everyone else at the table. Tom, however, has been chosen by science as a suitable mate for Penny.| Chosen by science?
 Well, what passes for science on dating sites. They claim to use heuristic algorithms, but it may well be hokum.| You got Penny to sign up for online dating?
 No, of course not. No, I used trickery and deceit.| This is bad.
 Tom is a paramedic with the fire department, but he’s going to med school at night, uh, he likes the outdoors, and, uh, strong women who initiate sex.| Really, really bad.
 Bye, Penny. I’m sorry, dude, she didn’t look anything like her picture.| They never do.
 Creepy good or creepy bad?| Who was the Shrimp with Lobster Sauce?
 Remember that little planetary object I spotted beyond the Kuiper belt?| Oh yeah, two zero zero eight NQ sub seventeen.
 Oh, I’d so do her.| You’d do the dolphins.
 Boy, I bet Ellen Pages friends aren’t giving her this kind of crap.| Are you proud of yourself?
 Oh, good, we can take it off the milk cartons.| Well, we’re going to go apologise to Raj and invite him out to dinner.
 Apologise, for what?| Well, he came over last night with some pretty good news, and we weren’t very supportive.
 Oh! No, I beg to differ. Of the three of us, I was by far the most supportive.| Really, do tell.
 How will Raj ever reach true greatness if his friends lower the bar for him? When I was eleven, my sister bought our father a “world’s greatest dad” coffee mug, and frankly the man coasted until the day he died.| Okay, let’s try it this way, what if the People magazine thing is the best Raj is ever going to achieve?
 I had not considered that.| Come on.
 He can feel sadness?| Not really, it’s what you and I would call condescension.
 Oh crap, that’s terrifying.| We’re here to see Koothrappali, not kill Batman.
 Dr Koothrappali.| Dr Gablehauser.
 Well, you didn’t discover him, you merely noticed he was here, much like he did with 2008 NQ sub 17.| Sheldon!
 He gets a new office, I can’t even get paper towels in the men’s room?| Sheldon.
 So anyway, after a fantastic lunch I was whisked off to the People magazine photo shoot… have any of you boys ever been to a photo shoot?| No.
 Okay, just put it on my calendar but start thinking of a reason why I can’t go, alrighty? Koothrappali out. God bless that boy, I don’t know what I’d do without him.| You just got him this afternoon.
 Yes, but I’m finding that having a lackey suits me.| A lackey?
 Now?| Almost.
 Oh, okay, Leonard?| Well, uh, no I… the… no.
 Dude.| You look very nice.
 Uh, come on, good night Leonard.| Good night.
 Hey, Leonard, did you see my limo downstairs.| Yeah.
 It’s bigger than the house my grandfather grew up in.| Terrific.
 Hey, good news, you don’t have to sulk about Penny any more, look, there are hundreds of Croatian women just waiting for you to contact them.| Anythingforagreencard.com?
 I’ll lend you my user name, it’s wealthybigpenis.| You’re joking.
 Well, you gotta make it easy for them, they’re just learning English.| Pass.
 So you’re just going to sit around here and mope while Penny is out with Doctor Apu from the Kwik-e-Mart?| It’s not a date, and that’s racist.
 It can’t be racist, he’s a beloved character on the Simpsons.| Let’s just eat so I can get to bed. With any luck tonight will be the night my sleep apnoea kills me.
 Did you remember to ask for the chicken with broccoli to be diced not shredded?| Yes.
 Even though the menu description specifies shredded?| Yes.
 Brown rice, not white?| Yes.
 Did you stop at the Korean grocery and get the good hot mustard.| Yes.
 Did you pick up the low sodium soy sauce from the market?| Yes.
 Thank you.| You’re welcome.
 What took you so long?| Just sit down and eat.
 I want you to check before you accept the order.| Sorry.
 Were you distracted by the possibility that Koothrappali might have intercourse with Penny tonight?| He’s not going to have intercourse with Penny.
 That’s Northwest Texas, I’m from East Texas, the Gulf region, home to many Vietnamese shrimpers.| Do the shrimpers feature in your story?
 Yes, Lucky.| He’s irony impaired, just move on.
 Please, no, nothing so pedestrian. I wanted a griffin.| A griffin?
 Yes, half eagle, half lion.| And mythological.
 My point is, if Koothrappali is moving on to a new life of shallow, undeserved fame, perhaps this is an opportunity to create a better cohort.| You want to breed a new friend?
 Sheldon, don’t take this the wrong way, but, you’re insane.| That may well be, but the fact is, it wouldn’t kill us to meet some new people.
 Uh, for the record, it could kill us to meet new people. They could be murderers, or the carriers of unusual pathogens, and I’m not insane, my mother had me tested.| If we do get a new friend, he should be a guy you can trust. A guy who has your back.
 And he should know a lot of women.| Yeah, let’s see, money, women, technology, okay we’re agreed, our new friend is going to be Iron Man.
 Good morning, Leonard.| Uh-huh.
 Yeah, we’re going to have to stop by Pottery Barn on the way to work, I bought these Star Wars sheets but they turned out to be much too stimulating to be compatible with a good night’s sleep. I don’t like the way Darth Vader stares at me.| I’m not going to work.
 Oh, just because your career’s been stagnant for a few years, that’s no reason to give up.| Sheldon, I was up all night using the new free-electron laser for my X-ray diffraction experiment.
 Did the laser accidentally burn out your retinas?| No.
 Then you can drive. Let’s go.| Didn’t I tell you I’d be working nights, and that you’d have to make other arrangements.
 You did.| And?
 I didn’t. Let’s go.| Goodnight, Sheldon.
 But how am I going to get to work?| Take the bus.
 I can’t take the bus any more. They don’t have seatbelts. And they won’t let you lash yourself to the seat with bungee cords.| You tried to lash yourself to the seat with bungee cords?
 I didn’t try, I succeeded. For some reason it alarmed the other passengers and I was asked to de-bus.| Oh, you’re a big boy, you’ll figure it out.
 Oh, Leonard, there you are, I’m ready to go home.| I just got here.
 Good, perfect timing.| Sheldon, I told you, I only have access to the free-electron laser at night. I can’t drive you for the next few weeks.
 No, you said you couldn’t drive me to work, this is from work.| Howard, help me out here.
 Now, how do you propose I get home?| How did you get here in the first place?
 Penny. But I sense that’s no longer an option.| Look, I need to get to the laser lab, you’re just going to have to find someone else to take you home.
 Good morning.| Sheldon, sit down.
 You’re hurting the people around you, sweetie.| So we made you an appointment, and we want you to keep it.
 Department of motor vehicles new driver handbook? But I don’t have a problem.| Sheldon, you need to learn how to drive.
 This madness has to stop.| Penny’s taking you to the DMV, I’m going to bed.
 Why Penny?| Because rock breaks scissors, goodnight.
 Okay, that’s it, let’s boot it up.| Booting.
 Ooh!| No.
 Black it is.| Okay, now, what you want to do first is turn on the ignition and shift into drive.
 I haven’t fastened my seat belt yet.| Okay, fasten your seat belt.
 Click. Now, are there air bags?| You don’t need air bags.
 I’ll hit you in the face with a pillow.| Okay, now shift into drive, pull out slowly into traffic.
 Oh.| Oh.
 Oh.| Watch out.
 Oh God!| Watch, watch out, watch out for pedestrians!
 Sorry… excuse me… my bad… student driver…| How did you manage to get on the second floor of the Glendale galleria?
 I don’t know. I was on the Pasadena freeway, I missed my exit, flew off the overpass, and one thing led to another.| Maybe you want to give it a rest and try again tomorrow.
 Remind me to compliment Wolowitz on the software, it’s amazingly detailed.| So wait,you’re just gonna give up?
 No, I’m not giving up, I never give up.| So what is it you’re doing?
 I’m transcending the situation. I’m clearly too evolved for driving.| What does that mean?
 Leonard, have you ever wondered why my little toes and lateral incisors are significantly smaller than the average for someone of my size?| I wonder a lot of things about you, Sheldon, but not… not that.
 Well, those are indicators that I’m farther along the evolutionary scale than the average human.| No kidding.
 Well, no, no, I’m not going to go so far as to say that I represent a distinct new stage in humankind, you know, a Homo Novus, if you will, no, that’s for anthropologists to decide. But I am convinced that the reason I cannot master the plebeian task of driving is because I’m not meant to.| Yes, you are, you’re meant to learn how to drive. Please learn how to drive!
 No, no. Leonard, I’m meant for greater things, like unraveling the mysteries of the universe, not determining when it’s safe to pass a stopped school bus on a country road.| It’s never safe.
 Yeah, well, I know that now.| Fine. Assuming that everything you say is true, how does the biologically superior Homo Novus get to work tomorrow morning?
 Homo Novus doesn’t know.| Well, hang in there, maybe you’ll evolve into something with wings.
 Good morning, gentlemen.| Hey.
 Good morning. Is there some new kind of casual Friday I don’t know about?| No, he lives here now.
 Really? Why?| Well, since he won’t take the bus and he’s too evolved to drive, he decided it would be easier to just sleep in his office and shower in the radiation lab until I’m finished with my experiment.
 But you finished your experiment a week ago.| Yep
 Forget it.| Excuse me. Sheldon, we both agreed to do this.
 It’s a waste of time. I might as well explain the laws of thermodynamics to a bunch of labradoodles.| If you don’t do this, I won’t take you to the comic book store.
 In short, anyone who told you that you would someday be able to make any significant contribution to physics played a cruel trick on you, a cruel trick indeed. Any questions? Of course not. I weep for the future of science. Now if you’ll excuse me, the latest issue of Batman is out. Come, Leonard.| Laser demonstration’s looking pretty good now, huh?
 Isn’t there a university policy against dating graduate students?| No, if you can talk to them, you can ask them out.
 Excuse me?| Sheldon lives in fear of the three-tined fork.
 Hi, Leonard.| Hey, Ramona. Come on in.
 I need to see this.| Uh-huh. The viewing area’s right over there. Sheldon, your girl… date… person… Ramona’s here.
 I’m sorry I didn’t bring enough for your friends. I assumed we were going to be alone.| Oh, yeah. No, we were just going.
 To watch, right?| No, come on, now, we’re going out.
 Oh, come on, we’ll be quiet.| Let’s go. Okay, you two, just, have a nice… whatever this is.
 You know, like what’s his deal? Is it girls? Guys? Sock puppets?| Honestly, we’ve been operating under the assumption that he has no deal.
 I believe one day Sheldon will eat an enormous amount of Thai food and split into two Sheldons.| On the other hand, I think Sheldon might be the larval form of his species, and someday he’ll spin a cocoon and emerge two months later with moth wings and an exoskeleton.
 Okay, well, thanks for the nightmares.| Hey, do you want to hang out with us?
 What are you guys gonna do?| Uh…
 My mom’s making a brisket tonight.| The one with the little onions? Mmm.
 Brisket party! B-to-the-R-to-the-I-S-K… To-the-E-to-the-T… Ooh…| Don’t.
 Yes.| Are you experimenting with nutritional suppositories again?
 Not in these pants.| So, how’d it go with Ramona last night?
 You don’t tackle the big issues, Ramona. You fence with them. En garde. Riposte.| Touche.
 Hi. You know, you probably don’t want to go in there.| Why? What are they doing?
 Dr. Cooper’s working.| Yeah, I can see that. Sheldon, Halo night, Koothrappali’s. You coming?
 Me. Sorry, Leonard.| Seriously? You’re not coming?
 You heard her. How can I argue with me?| Okay, well, once again, you guys have a good… whatever this is.
 It’s Morse code.| Why?
 So we can communicate through the wall.| We are communicating through the wall.
 Yes, but the communication is not encrypted.| I don’t know Morse code.
 Shh! Ramona’s sleeping on the couch.| I know. When is she going home?
 Never, that’s the problem. I need your help.| What are you talking about?
 I’m invoking the Skynet clause of our friendship agreement.| That only applies if you need me to help you destroy an artificial intelligence you created that’s taking over the Earth.
 Come on! Don’t nitpick!| Good night.
 Shh. All right, I’m invoking our bodysnatchers clause.| The bodysnatchers clause requires me to help you destroy someone we know who’s been replaced with an alien pod.
 Godzilla clause?| Not unless she destroys Tokyo.
 What a nice girl.| Sheldon, do you see what just happened here?
 Just one more bite.| Sheldon? Sheldon, are you okay?
 Time. Alright Klingons, pencils down.| Okay, I have pokh.
 Have it. Got it.| Potl.
 Yup. Have it. Have it.| Pukhpa.
 Well, as it turns out, it’s also a Klingon word.| Really? Define it.
 Excuse me, Penny, but we’re…| No, no, don’t tell her.
 …playing Klingon Boggle.| Aw!
 Look at those women.| They’re gorgeous.
 Oh, look, the’s the future Mrs. Wolowitz. No, wait, that’s the future Mrs. Wolowitz. With her head in the lap of, what a coincidence. It’s the future Mrs. Wolowitz.| Yeah, and they can all move in with you and your mother, the current Mrs. Wolowitz.
 Sadly, Mrs. Giselle Wolowitz is sensitive to chlorine. Lucky for her I like my fashion models pruny and bug-eyed.| Sheldon, the food’s here.
 There’s the house, freeze frame, freeze frame.| What are you doing?
 Marking the star positions and physical landmarks so we can find the house of the supermodels.| Why?
 Is my hamburger medium well?| Yes.
 Dill slices, not sweet?| Yes.
 Individual relish packets?| Yes.
 Onion rings?| Yes.
 Extra breading?| I asked.
 What did they say?| No.
 Did you protest?| Yes.
 Vociferously?| No.
 Well, then what took you so long?| Just eat.
 Then you’re not invited to our wedding.| Here you go.
 You and I have a standing TV schedule which is the result of extensive debate and compromise. Any alterations except for breaking news have to be pre-approved at the weekly roommate meeting.| Put it on the agenda.
 But you have to make a motion to put it on agenda.| Oh, I’ll make a motion, but you’re not going to like it.
 Just put it back before he comes!| No, no, no,  no, I don’t think that’s where it was.
 I trusted you with my email address, and you betrayed that trust by sending me Internet banality, strike one. Touching my food, strike two.| Don’t worry. They only stay on your record for a year.
 Look, Penny, I wish I could be more lenient with you, but since you’ve become a permanent member of our social group I have to hold you to the same standards as everybody else.| Congratulations. You’re officially one of us.
 Leonard, she’s in my spot.| Yeah, yeah. Uh, see, here’s the thing, after you leave, I still have to live with him.
 I’m banished? What the hell kind of crap is that?| Listen, don’t worry. I’ll talk to him.
 Yeah, you do that.| Just so I know, would you be open to taking his class? You can do it online!
 When we find it, you want to go with us?| To do what?
 Party with the pretty girls, dude!| Are you insane? You’re not going to party with them, you’re not even going to get anywhere near that place.
 I bet we could sell that sign all over Pasadena.| Penny, can I talk to you for a minute? Hi.
 Hi.| Look, here’s the thing, um, I talked to Sheldon and he feels terrible and he agrees that he was unreasonable and out of line.
 Really? Well, that’s great.| Yeah, so just apologize to him, okay?
 What? I’m not going to apologize to that nutcase.| Oh, come on, it’s easy, he’ll even tell you what to say.
 Leonard, don’t you get it? If you guys keep going along with his insanity, you’re just encouraging him.| We’re not encouraging. It’s more like knuckling under.
 Look, I like hanging out with you guys, but I’m not going to apologize for something I didn’t do.| Well, actually, technically, you did do it.
 Look, on the roof, Anais and Giselle are sunbathing. European-style.| You can recognize people on Google Earth?
 Of course not, I got a buddy of mine at NORAD to have a spy drone fly over.| NORAD? You’re using military aircraft?
 Here. Try and go online.| Problem with the WiFi?
 Well?| I reiterate, knuckle under.
 No, no, no, no, no. It is on. I am gonna introduce your friend to a world of hurt.| Oh, Penny, you don’t want to get into it with Sheldon. The guy is one lab accident away from being a supervillain.
 No need to neuter the nerd, I can get you back online.| There, see? Problem solved.
 I am meeting you halfway, I’m willing to concede that you’ve done some stupid things.| Hey, you guys are talking again. Good. What happened?
 Leonard, remember when I said it was on? Well, now it’s junior rodeo on.| Oh, not junior rodeo. What did you do?
 Telephone wires can’t electrocute you, can they?| No. Look, this has to stop.
 Oh, no, no, no. It is just beginning.| All right, I really didn’t want to do this, but… here.
 What’s this?| Sheldon’s Kryptonite.
 Oh, my God.| He can never know that I gave that to you.
 Look, I said I wanted to hurt him, but, but this?| It’ll shorten the war by five years and save millions of lives.
 God bless you, Google Street View registered trademark.| Okay, for the record what you’re doing is really creepy.
 Who is it?| Your mother.
 Oh, good. Hi, Mom. How are you? But, Mom, she keeps sitting in my spot. And, and she touched my food. Okay, yes, I took her clothes, but she started it. No, that’s not fair. Why should I have to apologize? Yeah, I really don’t think this is the kind of thing Jesus concerns himself with. No, you’re right, I don’t really know what Jesus thinks about. All right, good-bye. Did you tell on me?| Are you kidding me? I already have two strikes.
 Simple subtraction will tell you it’s six better.| Compromise. Watch Babylon 5.
 In what sense is that a compromise?| Well, five is partway between three… Never mind.
 Oh yes, like the male peacock with brilliant plumage or the rutting baboon with engorged hindquarters.| Or in this case, the bar mitzvah boy with pinkeye.
 A neg is a negative compliment that throws a pretty woman off her game, like “Normally, I’m not turned on by big teeth, but on you, they work.” I’ve got a whole list of ’em. Who wants to be my wingman?| You’re not gonna need wingman, you’re gonna need a paramedic.
 I’m sorry, but I’m not going to watch the Clone Wars TV series until I’ve seen the Clone Wars movie. I prefer to let George Lucas disappoint me in the order he intended.| Well, I want to watch it now.
 Then I believe we’ve arrived at another quintessential rock-paper-scissors- lizard-Spock moment.| Watch whatever you want.
 What happened?| Howard’s at the Mars Rover lab. He says he’s in trouble. Defcon 5.
 Defcon 5? Well, there’s no need to rush.| What?
 Defcon 5 means no danger. Defcon 1 is a crisis.| How can 5 not be worse than 1?
 No, no, no. Star Trek V has specific failures in writing and direction, while Star Trek I fails across the board, art direction, costuming, music, sound editing.| Can we just forget I said Defcon and go?
 Oh, thank God, you’re here.| What’s the emergency?
 Yeah, I picked her up in the bar. She’s a doctor. One free barium enema and my mother won’t care she’s not Jewish.| Wait a minute, so the eye patch and the insults worked?
 Oh, okay. Let’s go, friend Leonard.| Okay.
 Yeah. So are you a scientist like Howard?| No one’s a scientist like Howard.
 I’m sorry. I totally interrupted you. What, what, what were you saying?| Just said Howard’s a terrific guy. He’s got a great sense of humour, he loves his mother, a lot, some people say too much.
 I really like that you’re such a loyal friend.| Yeah, I am loyal. You know, if you look at the big picture. Just, out of curiosity, did he ever have a shot with you?
 Are you insane? The guy was wearing an eye patch.| Then why did you?
 He said that I could drive a car on Mars.| Got it. So, can I see you again?
 You’re not gonna see me now.| Ooh. Cool.
 I don’t know what you’re talking about.| Psst! Psst!
 Is there some problem?| Yeah. Listen, I have to kinda sneak out for a while.
 All right, goodbye.| No, wait! If anyone asks you where I went, you don’t know.
 Where are you going?| I can’t tell you that.
 Who would ask me?| I can’t tell you that, either.
 So you brought me in here to inform me that you can’t tell me where you’re going and you can’t tell me who might ask?| Yeah, I really didn’t think this through.
 Leonard, a moment.| What?
 If someone, and of course, we don’t know who this would be, does ask where you’ve gone, what should I say?| I don’t know. Just tell them I went to the office.
 Are you going to the office?| No.
 Then how can I say it convincingly?| Just say, Leonard went to the office.
 This would have worked out a lot better if you’d just told me you were going the office.| I’m going to the office.
 See? Why don’t I believe you?| I’m going out for a while.
 Busy. I removed an appendix, a gall bladder and about a foot and a half of bowel.| I’m hoping that’s three different guys.
 No, just the one. He didn’t make it. So, how was your day?| Oh, you know, I’m a physicist, so, I thought about stuff.
 That’s it?| Well, I wrote some of it down.
 Are you done eating?| Uh, yeah.
 Maybe we should think about going to the bedroom.| That’s a good idea. There’s a bed in there, and I’m very, very, very pro-bed.
 Do you want me to stop and call him back right now?| Dear God, no!
 Oh, hey.| Hey.
 New shirts?| Yeah, a couple.
 Nice.|  Thank you.
 So, who’s the girl?| I’m sorry?
 Well, last time you bought a new shirt was when we were dating.| So, uh, what we did was in fact dating?
 Well, yeah, we did have a date.| Exactly. Thank you. Do me a favour, tell Koothrappali that next time you see him.
 So, who is she?| Oh, she’s a doctor.
 Oh, nice. A doctor doctor, or a you kind of doctor?| Doctor doctor. Surgical resident. Smart, pretty. Let me ask you something. If your friend thinks he’s dating someone, but he’s not because, in fact, you’re dating her, does that make you a bad person?
 Well, that depends.| On what?
 Is that friend Wolowitz?| Yeah.
 Screw him. You’re fine.| Are you sure?
 Well, have you slept with her yet? You dog! Good for you.| Does that change things?
 No.| So why’d you ask?
 No one cares, Ma! So, what’s up?| Listen, I need to talk to you about something.
 Rock-paper-scissors-lizard-Spock. Oh!| Oh, hey, guys.
 Hey.| Hi, Howard. Howard?
 Howard is employing a schoolyard paradigm in which you are, for all intents and purposes, deceased. He intends to act on this by not speaking to you, feigning an inability to hear you when you speak and otherwise refusing to acknowledge your existence.| That’s just ridiculous. Why are you cooperating with him?
 I don’t make the rules, Leonard.| Howard, come on, I didn’t plan on this. These things just happen. Usually not to me, but they do happen.
  Is this a bad time?| Yeah, but I don’t see a better one on the horizon, so…
 Look I’m sorry, you violated the terms of your metaphor by acknowledging her existence. I’m out.| He just won’t listen to me.
 Okay, I guess it’ll just be the three of us then.| Hmm. Lisa’s gonna be disappointed.
 So, anyway, Lisa, I just wanted to tell you again how much I enjoyed the other night, and again, I’m sorry for how it ended. But again, if you could let me know about Friday. My mother needs a head count so she can know how big a brisket to get.| Howard, Howard, look at this.
 Well, this is very pleasant.| I’m glad you’re enjoying yourself.
 And you said there’d never be enough pasta for the three of us.| I stand corrected.
 Thank you.| She doesn’t mean it. She’s just being nice.
 No, I didn’t try, I succeeded. In fact, I was briefly able to see the inside of my sister’s guinea pig, Snowball, before he caught fire. It led to an interesting expression in our house, not a snowball’s chance in a cat scanner.| Uh, Sheldon?
 I do. Do you? Because frankly, you’ve been in a foul mood since I sat down.| Okay, here’s my question, why did you sit down?
 To help. Look, if you fail at this relationship, and history suggests you will, then we risk losing the medical officer that our landing party has always needed.| What landing party?
 So, we’re all standing around looking at the post-op x ray and there it is, clear as day, right in the guy’s chest cavity, one of my earrings.| Oh, my god, what did you do?
 Hi, Stephanie. I’m sorry I’m late, but your companion left the most indecipherable invitation.| What invitation?
 We’re going to the movies. What movie? What theatre? What time? If you were trying to make it impossible to locate you, you couldn’t have done a better job.| Oh, clearly I could have.
 What is he doing?| He’s finding the acoustic sweet spot.
 Does he always do this?| Sometimes he brings a toy xylophone. I am really sorry about this.
 My apologies, you’ve been sitting in it all along. Leonard, you want to slide over one?| No, just sit here.
 This is Stephanie’s facebook page. Now, where it should say in a relationship, what does it say?| Stephanie Barnett is single.
 Yeah, furthermore, earlier this evening, she threw a digital sheep at some guy named Mike. Who’s Mike? Why does he get a digital sheep and not you?| It’s just her facebook page and we’ve only been going out a couple of weeks.
 You don’t see it, do you? We’re losing her.| Okay, I’m going to make this very simple for you. You are not in this relationship, I am. Ergo, you have no say in anything that happens between me and Stephanie.
 I’m afraid I can’t allow that. Pursuant to Starfleet General Order 104 Section A, you are deemed unfit and I hereby relieve you of your command.| General Order 104, Section A does not apply in this situation.
 Give me one good reason why not.| Because this is not Star Trek
 Hi.| Want some more wine?
 I have a craving for white asparagus that apparently is destined to go unsatisfied.| Excuse me. What the hell is wrong with you?
 I’m helping you with Stephanie.| By making constipated moose sounds?
 When I fail to open this jar and you succeed it will establish you as the alpha male. You see, when a female witnesses an exhibition of physical domination she produces the hormone oxytocin. If the two of you then engage in intercourse this will create the biochemical reaction in the brain which lay people naively interpret as falling in love.| Huh? Would it work if I just punched you in the face?
 Yes, actually it would, but let’s see how the lid goes. I’m not strong enough, Leonard, you’ll have to do it.| Oh, for god’s sakes.
 Do you want some help with that?| No, no, no, I got it.
 Oh my god, are you okay?| No, I’m not. I’m bleeding.
 Oh, honey, you’re going to need stitches.| Stitches? With a needle?
 What a beautiful job Stephanie did. I might have gone with a mattress suture instead of a blanket stitch, but you can’t argue with her results. It’s a shame it won’t scar, the war wound is a time-honoured badge of masculinity.| I can’t remember a time when you weren’t talking.
 Just for the record, my efforts to establish you as the alpha male were not aided by you bursting into tears.| I did not burst into tears, my eyes just got a little watery.
 Watery?| She stuck a needle into my hand!
 Hey, how’s my big cry baby?| I didn’t cry.
 Okay, I’m just teasing you. But, yeah, you did. Alright, it’s all good. what do you say we get you home and put you to bed?| Oh, are you still going to spend the night?
 She’s right, as long as you’re vomiting, coitus is contra-indicated.| Thank you, Dr. Cooper.
 Your facebook status update. Leonard Hofstadter is in a relationship.| What? no. no, that’s not right.
 Seriously? You went first, after only two weeks? That’s bold.| It’s not bold, it’s a mistake. I didn’t change my status.
 I had no choice, he cried in front of her.| You hacked my facebook account?
 Oh, it’s hardly hacking when you use the same password for everything, Kal-el.| Are you insane? Now she’s going to think I’m desperate. You’ve destroyed this relationship! And you want to know what the worst part is? You don’t even understand what you did wrong because you can’t conceive of something that you are not an expert in!
 In which I am not an expert.| Don’t even! I don’t want to hear another word out of you.
 Stephanie Barnett is in a relationship with Leonard Hofstadter.”| Really? Oh, look at that, I have a girlfriend.
 Well, you’re the doctor, but I am constantly hearing this annoying sound.| Me, too.
 Is it a high-frequency whistle?| No, it’s more of a relentless, narcissistic drone.
 I Seriously doubt it.| Maybe it’s a lingering bacterial infection from all those childhood toilet swirlies.
 Well, you know, if it is from a swirly, there’s something I can do. Okay, circle, circle, dot, dot, now you have a cootie shot! I’m going to bed| Okay, I’ll be right in.
 It’s not enough that she mocks me, but that isn’t even the correct procedure for a cootie shot.| Do you understand that Stephanie’s not here to treat your imaginary ailments?
 How is it imaginary that I keep hearing an octave above Middle C? Is that imaginary? I don’t think so.| Good night.
 Leonard, there’s one more thing. Under Article One, Section Three of our Roommate Agreement, I’m calling an emergency meeting.| No, you’re not.
 Leonard moves the meeting not occur. Is there a second? None heard, the motion fails. I’d like to begin the meeting by congratulating you on the progress in your relationship with Dr. Stephanie.| Thank you.
 That being said, we have to discuss the implementation of the agreed upon “cohabitation” rider which has been activated now that the two of you are living together.| We’re not living together.
 You initialed it. See? L.H., L.H., L.H.| Wait, I only initialed it because I never thought it would happen! I initialed another clause naming you my sidekick in case I get superpowers.
 Hmm, yes, you did. Now, to review the following provisions are hereby activated. In the refrigerator, as opposed to us having two separate shelves and one communal shelf, the three of us now get individual shelves and the door becomes communal. Next, apartment vacuuming shall be increased from two to three times a week to accommodate the increased accumulation of dead skin cells. Third,the bathroom schedule. Now, I’m given to understand women have different needs, so, we’ll have to discuss that.| I’m going to bed.
 It’s not a big deal. We have latex gloves.| I don’t care what the symptoms are, my girlfriend is not going to give you a prostate exam.
 Good morning, Dr. Stephanie. I trust Leonard satisfied you sexually last night.| Oh come on! Sheldon, we don’t ask questions like that.
 I haven’t heard a thing about you. Leonard? Why haven’t I heard a thing about this woman who lives across the hall and comes into your apartment in the morning in her underwear?| She’s heard about you because we’re, you know, involved and you haven’t heard about her because… I never slept with her, I swear!
 In Leonard’s defence, it wasn’t for lack of trying.| Thank you, Sheldon.
 You’re welcome, Leonard.| Look, I’m just saying, um, Penny is one of our many neighbours, you know, and in our building, neighbours come and go, it’s very casual, no dress code. In fact, some mornings I’ll just mosey down to the third floor in my pyjamas and have cereal with Mrs. Vartabedian.
 Really? I have never once been invited to have cereal with Mrs. Vartabedian.| She doesn’t like you. Um, well, uh, you have a gall bladder to remove and I have to get in the shower and Penny has clothes to put on, so…
  And I’ll see you tonight?| Okay, bye-bye.
 So, that’s Stephanie, huh?| Why do I feel like I’m the one that just got the prostate exam?
 Like hippies.| We’re not living together.
 Do I have to pull out the paperwork again?| We’re not living together.
 Are you sure?| How could I not be sure?
 Well, let’s find out.| Don’t you think if a woman was living with me I’d be the first one to know about it?
 Okay, hmm, scented candles, fuzzy slippers, ooh, floral bed sheets?| We’re not living together.
 Okay, moving on. Now, who are these guys at Disney World?| Uh, the big dog is Goofy, and the older couple with the mouse ears , I have no idea. We’re not living together!
 You’re going to go down swinging, huh? All right, well, we got your body lotion, your InStyle Magazine, your jewellery box.| We’re not… Where’s my Bat Signal?
 You have a Bat Signal?| I did. It was right here. She must’ve… Oh, my God, we’re living together.
 New pants?| Yeah, Stephanie got them for me.
 Nice. Cotton?| Actually, I think it’s more of wool, fire ant blend.
 So, the girlfriend’s buying clothes for you, huh? Sounds serious.| It is actually. In fact, I gave it a lot of thought and I decided it was time for us to live together.
 Uh, Leonard, huge mistake. There’s a whole buffet of women out there and you’re just standing in the corner eating the same devilled egg over and over again.| At least I have an egg. What do you have?
 A veritable smorgasbord of potential sexual partners. See the blonde over there? I can hit on her and you can’t.| So, go hit on her.
 Of course not. Look at her.| I don’t care what you guys think, Stephanie and I are very happy living together. I will give either of you 20 dollars, right now to trade pants with me.
 Oh hey.| Oh, good. Do you have any fabric softener?
 Yeah, sure. What are you washing? A crocodile?| No, the pants that Stephanie got me.
 Oh, sweetie, you can’t machine wash these. They’ll be ruined.| Are you sure?
 Absolutely.| Oh, no. I wish you’d told me that sooner.
 Are you guys having problems?| No, everything’s fine.
 Really?| Yeah. It’s wonderful. Okay, maybe this whole living together happened kind of suddenly, but it’s fine, it’s great.
 Okay, Leonard, honey, you know, if you’re uncomfortable with the way things are going, you’re allowed to say something.| Are you sure? That doesn’t sound right.
 Believe me, your feelings are just as important as hers.| No that doesn’t sound right either.
 Just tell her you need the relationship to move at a pace that you both are comfortable with.| Yeah, I could say something like that to her. I’ll go do that. Thank you.
 Sure.| You have a really good grasp on this. Maybe you could talk to her?
 You’re kidding, right?| No, but that’s okay. I’ll go talk to her. Want to come with?
 Du-du-du-du! Immediately.| Hey.
 I just performed a Sheldonectomy.| Careful, if you don’t get it all, it’ll only come back worse.
 Gotcha.| Listen, we need to talk.
 Oh-oh. Do we need to talk or do we “need to talk”?| I don’t know what that means.
 Okay, why don’t you just tell me what it is you have to tell me?| Okay, um, well, look, it’s just that things between you and me have been going pretty quick.
 And?| It’s just a little scary.
 Well, yeah, but scary good, right?| Sure, when is scary not good? But, okay, um, I have feelings, right?
 Uh-huh.| Okay, and it’s perfectly okay to express those feelings, right?
 Of course honey why don’t you tell me what it is you’re feeling?| Okay, well, I ju… I think it’s important to remember that we move at a pace that is our speed and… oh, shoot, I had it!
 Okay, how about this? How about I tell you what I’m feeling?| What’s that? Really? Right now?
 Why not?| I just ate, aren’t you supposed to wait an hour?
 I think that’s for swimming.| Oh, okay. I just hope I don’t get cramps.
 Hey. Oh, I put your clothes in the dryer.| Thank you.
 Your pants are ruined.| Good.
 So, how did the talk with Stephanie go?| Well, um, on one level, really, really well.
 So, you told her you wanted to slow things down?| Not specifically, but, uh, I did tell her that I had feelings.
 Good, good. And then what?| And then the, the subject got changed somehow.
 Nothing. Okay, well, it sounds like things are going to work out.| Yeah, yeah it’s all good. Everything’s going to work out. One way or another.
 Come on, Leonard, you are entitled to try and make things go the way you want them to.| Really?
 Yes, you don’t always have to go along with what the woman wants.| Huh.
 What?| Nothing, just rethinking my whole life. Okay, here’s the thing, I’m afraid that if I ask her to move out, she’ll just dump me.
 Well, it’s a chance you have to take. I mean, look, if it’s meant to be, it’ll be.| Very comforting. Okay, so what do I say to her?
 I don’t know. I mean, what have women said to you when they wanted to slow a relationship down?| I really like you, but I want to see how things go with Mark?
 I’m sorry, I totally interrupted you. What were you saying?| Oh, right, yeah, um, so, Stephanie, here’s the thing. I really like you.
 Oh, God, here comes the speech.| What speech?
 I really like you, but maybe we should spend a little less time together ‘cause I need my space but I’ll call you on Tuesday, and then you never call me so I call you, but you don’t call me back and then when I run into you at the coffee shop you pretend like you’ve been having problems with your voice mail and I know that you’re lying, but I pretend like I don’t care even though I’m dying inside!| No! No, no! I wasn’t going to say any of that. I was just going to say, I really like you.
 Oh. Oh, good! ‘Cause I really like you, too.| Terrific.
 Hey. Nice sweater.| Yeah, Stephanie got it for me. It’s kind of fun.
 It’s got a big bird on it, dude.| Yeah, yeah, that’s the fun part. We’re also getting new curtains for my bedroom, and a dust ruffle, and a duvet, and I don’t even know what a duvet is but I’m pretty sure if I did I wouldn’t want one, but every time I talk to her about moving out she cries and we have sex.
 You know, if you can’t talk to her, why don’t you just text her?| Isn’t that kind of cowardly?
 It’s true, but on the other hand you are wearing a bird sweater.| Sold. “I think it would be better for our relationship if you moved back to your place.” There. It’s done.
 Or it turned into mustard Kryptonite, the only way to destroy a rogue Kryptonian hotdog threatening Earth.| Raj, please, let’s stay serious here. Superman’s body is Kryptonian, therefore his sweat is Kryptonian.
 No.| It’s David Underhill. So what?
 So what? His observation of high-energy positrons has provided the first conclusive evidence for the existence of galactic dark matter.| I have two words for you. The first is big, the other’s whoop.
 It is a big whoop. It made almost all the work you’ve done since you’ve been here completely useless.| Did not.
 Did, too.| Did… okay, maybe  some of it, but, look, the guy was just in the right place, at the right time with the right paradigm-shifting reinterpretation of the universe. He got lucky.
 I’m David Underhill.| Uh, y-yeah.
 Yeah, Dr. Gablehauser said if I wanted to set something up in the photomultiplier lab, that you’d be able to give me a hand?| You want to work with me?
 Well, if you have a little time, yeah.| Wow, y-yeah, sure. Yeah, no problem. Uh, Here’s my home number, here’s my cell, here’s my office, here’s my parents’ number up in New Jersey, they always know how to reach me. So…
 Okay.| Congratulations on the MacArthur Grant, by the way. Big fan.
 Thanks. I’ll call you.| Okay. Bye-bye! What are you looking at?You’ve never seen a hypocrite before?
 Where were you that’s more important than Wii bowling night?| Actually, I was…
 It’s a rhetorical question. There is nothing more important than Wii bowling night.| Come on, it’s just a video game. And we suck at it.
 Where were you?| I was working with Dave Underhill.
 Ooh, “Dave.” Sounds like Leonard’s got a new BFF.| Actually, he’s pretty cool. I mean, not only is he a brilliant scientist, but it turns out he’s a Black Diamond skier, he collects vintage motorcycles, he plays in a rock band.
 So? We’re in a rock band.| No, we play Rock Band on our X-Box.
 Nice motivational speech from our lead guitarist.| He’s funny, too. He does this hysterical impersonation of Stephen Hawking having phone sex. What are you wearing? That’s not, he does it better. Anyway, he said he was gonna take me to the gym tomorrow, so I’m gonna go practice my situps.
 Are you gonna make it?| Yeah, I guess.
 All right.| Thanks for letting me try out your motorcycle.
 No problem.| I had no idea it was so heavy. The thing just fell right over on me, didn’t it?
 Oh, hey, Leonard. Ooh, are you okay?| Oh, yeah. It’s just a little motorcycle accident.
 My God, how fast were you going?| I don’t know. It’s all such a blur.
 It’s fine.| Yeah, lucky for the bike it landed on my leg.
 Uh, well, it’s just that the physicists I know are indoorsy and pale.| I’m not indoorsy. I just wear the appropriate sun block because I don’t take melanoma lightly.
 Yeah, actually we are.| Yeah, we’re examining the radiation levels of photomultiplier tubes for a new dark matter detector.
 Uh, sweetie, sweetie, Dave was talking. You know, I love science.| Since when?
 You know, I have always wanted to see a big science lab.| Since when?
 Leonard, are you okay here?| Uh, yeah. I guess.
 Boy, she’ll do, huh?| Yeah, if you like that type.
 So, you and her?| No, just neighbours.
 Really. I don’t know how you live next door to that without doing something about it.| Actually, science is my lady.
 You’re kidding. You’ve got lotions and bath oils and soaps, that’s the estrogen hat trick.| What it is is a cacophonous assault of eucalyptus, bayberry, cinnamon and vanilla. It’s as if my head were trapped in the pyjamas of a sultan.
 Hey, Leonard. Come, join us.| Oh, hey, Dave. And Penny, what a surprise.
 Hey, Leonard. Dave was just showing me around the university. You know, this place is unbelievable!| Yeah, I know. I’ve been offering to show you around for a year and a half. You always said you had yoga.
 I never said that.| Maybe I heard you wrong. A lot of words sound like yoga.
 Oh, shut up!| Yes, please shut up. So, um, Dave, don’t you think you and I should get back to the lab? You know, that dark matter isn’t going to detect itself.
 Yeah, why not? You can’t do any worse than Leonard.| That’s funny. By the way, my leg is killing me. Thanks for asking.
 Mmm, great news, Leonard, I’ve solved my Penny gift dilemma.| Yippee.
 It is, isn’t it? Is it okay if I hide them in your room? The smell makes me nauseated.| Do whatever you want.
 Why couldn’t you have just done what Leonard did and get Penny a new boyfriend?| My leg is killing me. Thanks for asking.
 Why are you yelling at me?| Sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry! Never mind, we’re cool.
 Dave is not smarter than you. He’s an idiot.| Really? Why would you say that?
 Because a smart guy takes the nude photos of his wife off his cell phone before he tries to take nude photos of his girlfriend.| He tried to take nude photos of you?
 That’s what you took from that? The guy is married!| Oh, yeah. I’m so… oh, that’s terrible.
 And you, if you are so okay with the way things are between us, why are you so jealous?| Well, uh, the important thing is he’s married and that’s terrible!
 Nice save, genius. Eggnog?| Lactose.
 It’s just rum. It stopped being eggnog like half an hour ago.| Smooth.
 Smoother than you.| Come on, it’s Christmas, just give me this one.
 Okay, Merry Christmas.| By the way, my leg is killing me. Thanks for asking.
 Merry Christmas.| Merry Christmas.
 How’s your leg?| Very good, thanks for asking. Come on in.
 Here. Open it.| Oh, a gift certificate for motorcycle lessons. Very thoughtful.
 Yeah, and I checked. Not letting the bike fall on you while standing still is lesson one.| Oh, then, I think you’ll appreciate what I got you.
 Okay. 101 Totally Cool Science Experiments for Kids.| You know, ’cause you’re so into science.
 Leonard, look! Sheldon’s hugging me.| It’s a Saturnalia miracle.
 Okay. What shall be first to taste the wrath of Monte?| Maybe we should start small.
 Man, call spoiler alert before you say things like that.| How about the toaster oven?
 What did the toaster oven ever do to you?| What did I ever do to Jimmy Mullins in the third grade? He still punched me in the face with my own fists. Sorry, you little nerd, you were just in the wrong boys’ room at the wrong time.
 How about “Die, toaster, die”?| That’ll do it.
 Leonard?| Uh-huh?
 What the hell?| Killer robot. We built it.
 How is doable anything but a compliment?| Howard, why don’t we just work on the robot?
 The carnal repartee, the erotic to and fro. But as delicious as the appetizer might be, at some point we will have to succumb and eat the entree while it’s still… hot.| I’m begging you, stop talking.
 Thanks for the heads up.| Howard, where you going?
 I’m going home to live my creepy, pathetic life.| Wow.
 What’s going on?| I don’t know, now they’re just yelling about Popsicles. Sounds like Penny really got to him.
 Well, if you have any dewusions about entewing him against my wobot, the Kwipke Kwippler in the Southern California Wobot Fighting League Wound Wobin Invitational, aka the S.C.aw.F.L.aw.aw.I., his name is gonna be Swrap Metal.| Come on, is that really necessary?
 Make it so.| No, don’t make it so. Barry, we can’t fight you tomorrow, our engineer is incapacitated.
 Hey.| Hey, you got a minute?
 Yeah, come on in. What’s up?| I need you to apologize to How…
 Get out.| Come on. Wolowitz won’t come out of his house and we need him for a robot battle.
 Well, then have the robot go and get him.| The robot didn’t hurt his feelings.
 His feelings needed to be hurt.| He’s been in bed for two days.
 Yeah, probably with a blow-up doll.| He’s not with a… does it really matter who or what he’s with? The guy is devastated.
 Oh, please, how could I possibly devastate Howard?| Okay, don’t take this as a criticism, but you kind of have that overexposed-to-gamma-rays thing going on.
 What does that mean?| You know, like, most of the time, you’re the easygoing Bruce Banner, but then, when you get angry, you kind of turn into, like, you know, grrrrr!
 I turn into a bear?| Seriously? Gamma rays? Bruce Banner? You didn’t get The Incredible Hulk from that? Never mind, just, please go talk to him.
 And say what? That I didn’t mean it, because I meant it.| Well, maybe you can go at it from a different angle, like, um, you see a glimmer of goodness in him and you only said what you said because you want to nurture it and make it shine.
 Oh, pthththth.| Okay, let’s try it this way. Remember the day that we first met and you asked me to go to your boyfriend’s apartment to get your TV back and he was nine feet tall and he took my pants off and you said… what was that? What did you say? Oh, yes, you said you owed me one.
 Okay, come on, that’s not fair.| I came home with no pants.
 Fine, I’ll go over there tomorrow.| Thank you. I should probably give you a heads up about his mother.
 What about her?| She’s a delightful woman. You’ll love her.
 I can’t watch anymore.| Sheldon, we have to call it off.
 We don’t have that option, we’ve accepted the challenge. We can’t run away from a fight.| Oh, please, we’ve spent our whole lives running away from fights. Personally, I can squeeze through a hole in a fence half my size.
 You are overlooking the fact that we now know what we’re up against and we can modify Monte so that he’s prepared.| You want to prepare him? Install a bladder and a pair of shorts so he can wet himself.
 Excuse me, but how are we going to make any modifications without Wolowitz? Have you heard from Penny yet?| Not yet.
 I’m aware.| What’s this do, spin?
 Yep. At 3400 RPM. It can cut through steel like it was wubber.| Neat. Good work. Sheldon, we’ve got to call this off.
 Way to bust out the Jedi mind tricks, dude.| I just want to make sure that we’re all clear, standard robotic fighting league rules apply.
 Go, Monte! Go Monte!| Go, go, go, go!
 Just a toy robot?| Penny.
 Hey, I’m thinking of growing a mustache.| Ah, no kidding! A Fu Man Chu? A handlebar pencil?
 Oh, you’d think a guy like that would have some kind of booze lackey.| Alright this is cruel, we better let him finish before his head explodes.
 Even twenty thousand of ’em.| Alright, please don’t cheer me up anymore.
 Hey it’s true, Kripke lacks the basic social skills that we take for granted, but he also controls the new open science grid computer that I need to use to run some simulations of structure formation in the early universe.| Good luck getting time on it. The only people he lets use it are his friends.
 Thanks! I mean the e-mail doesn’t bother me as much as the vacation pictures of him in a bathing suit.| Yeah, I got the same one. And that’s not a bathing suit, it’s a tan line.
 What’s up with Ichabod?| Oh he’s trying to make a new friend.
 Oh really? Well, good for him.| Well, unless he’s makes one out of wood like Gepetto, I don’t think it’s gonna happen.
 Well, how did you guys become friends?| There was a flier on the bulletin board at the university. Roommate wanted. Whistlers need not apply.
 And you moved in anyway?| I assumed he was joking. You’d be surprised how many particle physicists have a whimsical side.
 Well, what about Howard and Raj, I mean how did you become friends with them?| I don’t know, how do carbon atoms form a benzene ring? Proximity and valence electrons.
 Well yeah, sure. When you put it that way. But it all worked out, right?| I suppose. I do miss whistling though.
 Your questionnaire, very disappointing.| I answered every question Sheldon.
 You answered the multiple choice questions in a pattern. A B B A C. A B B A C.| Aw, you picked up on that huh?
 How could I not?| Come on! There’s over 200 questions. And look at some of these things. Sheldon is to camaraderie, as the space shuttle is to blank?
 Yes, well it’s better than what Wolowitz did. He drew a raccoon with what appears to be, a distended scrotum.| It’s kinda cute, until you get to the scrotum.
 What hope do I have for establishing new relationships given that my current friends apparently cannot take a few hours out of their lives to help me?| Sheldon, I’m not going to defend a big-balled raccoon.
 I don’t see how you could.| What I’m trying to say is that, maybe you can’t approach this as a purely intellectual exercise.
 What do you mean!?| Well, remember when you tried to learn how to swim using the internet?
 I did learn how to swim.| On the floor.
 The skills are transferrable. I just have no interest in going in the water.| Then why learn how to swim?
 The ice caps are melting Leonard. In the future, swimming isn’t going to be optional. But you do bring up an interesting point. I don’t have to break new ground here, I’m sure much of the research already exists.| No! no, my point is, if you want to learn how to make friends, then just go out to a coffee shop or a museum. Meet people. Talk to them. Take an interest in their lives.
 That’s insane on the face of it. Come on.| Where are we going?
 You’re driving me to the mall. I’m going to acquire a book that summarizes the current theories in the field of friendmaking.| Why don’t you just lie down on the floor and swim there?
 Okay.| Sheldon, what are you doing?
 Hi Rebecca, I’m your new friend, Sheldon.| No you’re not, let’s go.
 We were really hitting it off.| Don’t look up, there’s cameras.
 Oh good! You’re just in time. I believe I’ve isolated the algorithm for making friends.| Sheldon, there is no algorithm for making friends!
 Stu the cockatoo?| Yes, he’s new at the zoo.
 Hewo to you, too.| How was rock climbing?
 How much time you got?| Want some Chinese food?
 Tewific. Got any dental fwoss?| In the bathroom.
 Oh yes, I pass out all the time. But, it was worth it. I’ve made substantial progress in bonding with Kripke, which brings me to an awkward moment.| What’s that?
 Leonard, you are my roommate, my source of transportation and you help me fold my sheets when they come out of the dryer. You are safe.| Can I whistle?
 Penny, Penny, Penny. Everything you’re saying is true, but please allow me to continue. Raj, you’re out. The good question, while you do provide a certain cultural diversity to an otherwise homogenous group, your responses to the questionnaire were truly disturbing. How could you, for a moment, think that my favourite amino acid is Glutamine?| He had Lysine but changed it.
 You gotta give him credit for sticking with it.| I didn’t think he had it in him.
 Right, these theatres have to be eliminated.| Why? They’re state-of-the-art digital projection, 20-channel surround sound.
 They have Twizzlers instead of Red Vines. No amount of lumbar support can compensate for that.| Well, it’s gonna take at least an hour to eat, and I don’t see a Sheldon-approved restaurant proximate to a Sheldon-approved theatre.
 That’s how we missed it.| Sheldon, would you be prepared, on a non-precedential basis, to create an emergency ad-hoc Slurpie-Icee equivalency?
 Yep, I don’t see any way around it.| Bye, Sheldon.
 You know, I’ve given the matter some thought, and I think I’d be willing to be a house pet to a race of super-intelligent aliens.| Interesting.
 Ask me why.| Do I have to?
 Of course. That’s how you move a conversation forward.| Why?
 The learning opportunities would be abundant. Additionally, I like having my belly scratched.| Hey, Penny. How was work?
 Was that sarca..| Stop it!
 Did you know the beret is an example of piece of women’s fashion adapted from male military uniforms? Another fascinating example is the epaulet.| He’s not lying, he does find that fascinating.
 Oh, my God, would you just get off my case?| Weird.
 Oh, good, that was an unusual interaction. I wasn’t sure.| Did you guys have an argument?
 No.| Well, you clearly did something to aggravate her.
 It’s getting tougher and tougher to be a bad Jew.| Here you go, Penny. Shrimp with lobster sauce.
 Thank you, Leonard. What’s my share?| Don’t worry about it. It’s my treat.
 No, really, how much?| It’s, whatever. Ten, eleven dollars.
 Here, Leonard, ten, eleven, twelve, uh, fourteen dollars.| It was fourteen fifty, but it’s okay.
 Sheldon, look, I will pay you back as soon as I can. You just have to give me more time.| Oh, wait, you lent her money?
 Oh, you know, you would just love that, wouldn’t you? Yeah. You would just love to open up your little snake can and throw some money at the girl who can’t pay her bills.| Where are you going?
 In case either of you have larceny in your heart, you should know that I’ve moved my money out of the snake can.| But if you’re ever short, there’s always a couple of fifties in Green Lantern’s ass.
 Hey.| A little mood lighting, huh?
 Yeah. When I didn’t pay my bill, the Department of Water and Power thought I would enjoy the ambience.| Yeah, they’re very considerate that way.
 I used Sheldon’s money to pay my rent, then I had like fourteen dollars left over.| Fourteen dollars, huh?
 Put it back in your pocket, or I’ll find some other place to put it.| Back in the pocket it goes. Look, you do understand that Sheldon really doesn’t care when he gets the money back. It’s actually one of the few idiosyncrasies that doesn’t make you want to, you know, kill him.
 Yeah, well, that’s not really my big problem.| So you’re a little behind on your bills. Everybody gets behind on their bills.
 Yeah, I know, it’s just, this wasn’t the plan, it wasn’t supposed to go this way.| Well, what was the plan?
 Um, waitress for six months and then become a movie star.| Was there a plan B?
 TV star.| It’s probably not as bad as you think. Let’s take a look. Maybe we can find some corners to cut. Oh, here’s something, if you don’t have electricity, then you probably don’t need cable. Just a suggestion. 170 dollars for acting classes?
 Oh, no, I can’t give up my acting classes. I’m a professional actress.| You’ve had an acting job where you got paid?
 That is not the definition of professional.| Actually, it kind of… let’s keep looking. Whoa, what’s eighteen hundred dollars to the Los Angeles County Superior Court?
 Oh, that’s nothing.| Nothing? It sounds like you got caught speeding going 4,000 miles an hour.
 Well, remember Kurt?| Your ex-boyfriend?
 Yeah. He got arrested for taking a whiz on a cop car.| What?
 He was drunk.| I would hope so.
 Anyway, he had a bunch of outstanding tickets and a bench warrant, so I, you know, I paid his fines.| Did he pay you back?
 No, but he will.| And that’s based on the inherent credit-worthiness of people who get drunk and urinate on police vehicles?
 Leonard, I’m not gonna call up Kurt and ask him for money.| Well what are you gonna do?
 I don’t know, but I may have to find a cheaper place to live.| Oh, no. Oh, you don’t want to do that.
 Why not?| Well, moving is a big deal. You have to go to the supermarket and get boxes, and if they’re not clean, then your books smell like melons, and it’s just, like… Why don’t you just get a roommate and stay here?
 Well, do you know anybody?| Well, I’m sure the guy living with Sheldon wouldn’t mind moving in with you.
 Oh, Leonard, honey, if we started living together, I wouldn’t be able to keep my hands off you.| Really?
 Hey, do I mock you with the Bhagavad-Gita every time you scarf down a Whopper?| Hey, what’s going on?
 You want the Valley of Fire? It’s right here.| Hey, you guys want to go on a real live quest?
 Outside? I just made cocoa.| – Come on. It’ll be fun.
 Ooh, double sixes.| Really? You’re just gonna let me go by myself?
 Oh, cool, I got a sword.| I could use some help.
 Here.| You guys are unbelievable, you play a game to simulate adventure, but when there’s real adventure out there in the real world, you just wimp out.
 Leonard, do you not recall the last time we visited this gentleman, we returned home without pants?| I do.
 Are you sure? Because your proposal suggests that you don’t.| I’m not afraid of him.
 All right. Leonard fairly calls the question, who is in favour of abandoning our game and confronting Penny’s steroid-infused ex-boyfriend in a suicidal mission to extract money from him? Say hi to Kurt for us.| Excuse me. When Frodo left the Shire to take the one ring to Mordor, didn’t Samwise, Pippin and Merry go with him?
 They did.| Well?
 Plus, no one stole their pants.| Fine. Just enjoy your little game. I’ll make this quest on my own.
 Yes. Koothrappali’s going to wet himself, I’m gonna throw up, Sheldon’s gonna run away, and you’re going to die. Shall we synchronize our watches?| Guys, there are four of us and one of him.
 Which means his triumph will be even larger. Minstrels will write songs about him.| Okay, how about this? I’ll do the talking, you just stand behind me and try to look formidable.
 Yeah?| Hi, Kurt.
 Lenny, right?| I don’t really go by Lenny, but that’s okay. Um, you remember Sheldon, Howard and Raj.
 You don’t remember me? How could he not remember me?| Sheldon, not now.
 I remember him.| Okay, here it is. Penny’s in kind of a financial jam, and the money that you owe her would go a long way to solving her problems.
 And she sent you to get it from me?| No, no, she’s too proud to ask for the money. I, on the other hand, feel you should honour your debt.
 You do?| Feel is a kind of a… it’s a strong word. Um, I just think it would be a nice gesture on your part.
 A successful quest. Now let’s go find a gas station with a clean bathroom.| No, the problem isn’t solved. He just blew us off.
 Come on, Leonard, let’s go| No. You can leave if you want to. I’m gonna see this through.
 What happened to your backup?| I don’t need backup. I have right on my side. And I’m wearing cargo shorts under my pants.
 Hey, is Sheldon here?| Yeah. Hang on. Sheldon!
 Nice hat.| It’s kind of a fashionable look these days.
 Darn. I can’t seem to get the hang of that.| Hey, I know it’s none of my business, but where did the money come from?
 Well, I cut back my expenses like you said and picked up a few more hours at the restaurant, but the biggest thing was, out of the blue, Kurt shows up and gives me the money he owes me.| Really? Did he say why?
 Yes, he said he was feeling guilty and wanted to do what was right.| That’s it? Did he give any reason as to why he came to this moral epiphany?
 Nope. I just think he’s really changed. We’re having dinner tomorrow night, and I get to wear my new beret. Bye, guys.| Bye.
 Well done, Leonard. The true hero doesn’t seek adulation, he fights for right and justice simply because it’s his nature.| Penny’s hooking up with her jerk of an ex-boyfriend and I have indelible ink on my forehead!
 That’s your badge of honour, your warrior’s wound, if you will. I was wrong, minstrels will write songs about you.| Great.
 Not a clue.| Can’t we just postpone it till the spring? Maybe next summer?
 This should be fairly easy to deduce. He’s holding the phone to his left ear. Ears do not cross hemispheres, so he’s using the analytical rather than the emotional side of the brain, suggesting that he has no personal relationship with the caller.| No, I didn’t realize it had been so long. Sure, I guess there’s no other choice but to just go ahead and do it.
 He’s referring to an activity he has done before. It’s unpleasant and needs to be repeated. This suggests some sort of invasive medical test, like perhaps a colonoscopy.| Aren’t there any other options? There’s not a lot of room, it’s gonna be uncomfortable.
 Yes, yes. Yeah, I’m definitely going with colonoscopy.| Okay, bye. My mother’s coming to visit.
 If you want to have intercourse with that girl, find out what kind of cologne her father wore.| Good to see you, Mother.
 Oolong?| Yes.
 Loose, not bagged?| Yes.
 Steeped three minutes?| Yes.
 Two-percent milk?| Yes.
 Warmed separately?| Yes.
 One teaspoon sugar?| Yes.
 Raw sugar?| Yes.
 It’s cold.| I’ll start again.
 Well, it’s all online or you can order it from the Princeton University Press.| Here’s your tea, Mother. So, what are you guys talking about?
 The frequency with which your parents had intercourse.| Swell. If you’re lucky, maybe she’ll show you the PowerPoint presentation.
 Aw…| So, Mother, what’s new?
 You’ll have to be more specific.| All right. Uh, what’s new with you?
 Oh, well, I’ve been having some fascinating menopausal symptoms recently.| Maybe something less personal.
 Oh. Your Uncle Floyd died.| Oh, my God. What happened?
 What a remarkable woman.| Yeah I, I thought you guys might hit it off.
 I envy you your childhood.| I hate to tell you, but the only warm memories I have of my childhood are of my Uncle Floyd.
 You’re clearly misremembering. Your mother is brilliant, analytical, insightful, and I’m betting she never hit you with a Bible because you wouldn’t eat your Brussels sprouts.| Sheldon, you don’t give your mother enough credit. She’s warm, she’s loving, she doesn’t glue electrodes to your head to measure your brain waves while potty training.
 So, Dr. Hofstadter, Leonard rarely talks about his incredibly successful brother and sister.| Please, don’t go there, Howard.
 I understand that unlike Leonard, they’re at the top of their respective fields.| Boy, you suck.
 Why? They’re not my accomplishments. I have to urinate.| Why are you doing this?
 Oh, meesa think yousa lookin’ so so sad.| You know, rather than mock me, my friends might realize that this is difficult and try to help me through it.
 Next time, don’t yousa bring mama to work. Okee-day?| That was fast.
 So, where were we?| Howard lives with his mother and Raj can’t speak to women unless he’s drunk. Go.
 It’s just temporary, I pay rent.| He lives in the same room where his bassinet was.
 Leonard, it’s one o’clock, weren’t you going to show me your laboratory at one o’clock?| There’s no hurry, Mother, tell them more about their secret love for each other.
 Her reasoning is unassailable. It is one o’clock.| Fine. Let’s go. I think you’ll find my work pretty interesting. I’m attempting to replicate the dark matter signal found in sodium iodide crystals by the Italians.
 So, no original research?| No.
 Hey.| You got alcohol?
 Your mom still here?| Yep.
 Come on in. Wait, wait, she’s not gonna come here looking for you, is she?| Oh, relax. She took Sheldon to the hospital to get a brain scan.
 Oh, my God. What happened?| Nothing. Mother likes looking at brains and Sheldon likes getting his brain scanned.
 Geez, what a fun couple.| She’s only been here a day and a half and I’m seriously considering alcoholism as a new career path.
 Hey, I talked to her for five minutes yesterday and I’ve been half bombed ever since.| You can’t let her get into your head.
 My head, what about yours?| It’s too late for me. My head is her summer house.
 She was right, you know. The locus of my identity is totally exterior to me.| Oh, yeah, there she is. Hi, Mom.
 I mean, do you know where I was all morning? Auditioning with 50 other blondes for some stupid antidepressant commercial. And for what? So I’ll finally get my daddy’s approval?| Did you get the part?
 No, they said I was too perky.| Hey, you want to talk about not getting love from a parent. You know what I used to do when I was little to have some sensation of human contact?
 Yeah, you grabbed your penis and wouldn’t let go. Your mother told me.| Of course she did. Anyway, that’s not what I was gonna say. When I was ten years old, I built a hugging machine.
 A hugging machine?| Yeah. I got a dressmaker’s mannequin, I stuffed it with an electric blanket so it would be warm, and built two radio-controlled arms that would hug me and pat my back.
 Oh, that is so sad.| You know what the saddest part was?
 What?| My father used to borrow it.
 Okay, now this time…| Uh-huh.
 You’re gonna lick the salt off my neck, do the shot, and then bite the lime.| I’m sorry, I didn’t hear anything after lick.
 Honey, shush, shush, shush, shush, shush.| You shush, I’m happy, I want to talk about it. You know what my mother would say about this? She would say because you were not loved by your father and I was not loved by my mother, that having sex is our way of making up for the intimacy we didn’t get as children.
 Why would you bring that up right now?| I don’t know. Foreplay?
 So you’re saying you’re not having sex with me, you’re having sex with your mother?| Ummm, I’m gonna go with “no.”
 That is the sickest thing I’ve ever heard.| Come on, you’re trying to have sex with your father, and I’m okay with that.
 Look, I was just coming over to talk to you.| You don’t have to. Ever.
 Gotcha.| Good-bye, Mother.
 Yeah, still funny, Raj.| There’s no way we can get to the ridge. The Chemistry Department has us completely cut off.
 We need a plan. How about Operation Hammer of the Gods?| I forget. Which one is Hammer of the Gods?
 No go. The Dumpsters are deep in Astronomy Department territory.| No, that shouldn’t be a problem, Venus is up during the day. They’re probably just all staring at the sky.
 Did you guys see the new budget memo that went out this morning?| Yeah, more cutbacks.
 Unacceptable. It baffles me why they don’t simply let some of you go so that there’s money available for my research.| You know what baffles me, Sheldon?
 Hey, guys.| Hey, Leslie.
 Oh, uh, no big deal. They gave Leslie control of some unrestricted grant money.| Yeah, okay, but what’s with the back-scratching and the meow!
 I believe the back-scratching metaphor generally describes a quid pro quo situation where one party provides goods or services to the second party in compensation for a similar action.| Thank you.
 The mrow, that sounded to me like an African civet cat.| Are you done?
 You know what I’m thinking? I’m thinking Howard wasn’t making a back-scratching metaphor. I’m thinking there was some actual scratching involved.| What about it, Howard?
 Okay, I didn’t want to say anything ’cause I know you and Leslie have a little history.| I don’t care about that.
 Great, ’cause I’ve been dying to say something.| You and Leslie?
 And plus, you got a rapid prototyper. That’s an expensive piece of equipment, dude.| And the rest of us have had our budgets cut to the bone.
 The whole thing froze. I don’t know what happened.| Calm down. We’ll figure it out.
 What difference does it make?| Here we go.
 What?| Don’t sit in his spot.
 Boy, I love him, but he is one serious wackadoodle.| Okay, that should do it.
 Oh, thank you. You are a lifesaver.| That’s a lot of shoes you ordered.
 Yeah, you know the sad thing is, it’s really not. Ooh, is this one of those paintball guns?| Yeah. You ought to come out with us sometime.
 You think he’ll notice?| There’s a chance.
 Oh, what are we gonna do?| We? No, no, no, you had your chance to be we for, like, a year and a half now. Right now, you are you, and you are screwed.
 Why do we have to tell him I did it?| Well, we’re not gonna tell him I did it.
 Okay, okay, how about this? We tell him somebody broke in.| Just to shoot the couch with a paintball gun?
 I’m sorry, I buy it. All those people are on drugs.| We could tell him they wanted the couch to stay away from their boyfriend.
 Okay, fine. Well, what if we just flip it over? There. Looks fine, right?| Mm, butt print. There’s no discernible butt print.
 Thank you.| You’re welcome.
 Fine. The new issue of Flash is out.| Great, great. Did you walk the whole way? It’s a little chilly.
 Koothrappali picked me up.| Isn’t that terrific? He is such a good friend. You know what the best thing about friends is?
 They don’t talk incessantly for no particular reason.| No, no, friends forgive the little things.
 You know, I gotta go home and wash my hair.| Don’t you dare, missy.
 Hello, fastest man alive. Want to see me read your entire comic book? Want to see it again? Something’s wrong.| What do you mean?
 I’m not sure. It doesn’t feel right.| I don’t know what you’re talking about. Oh, that. Penny did that.
 That is my desk chair, that is where I work. I don’t eat in my desk chair and I don’t work in my spot. I work in my desk chair and eat in my spot.| Wackadoodle.
 Excuse me, but the problem is not solved. If your head had been accidentally amputated, and we transplanted a dog’s head in its place, would that be “problem solved”?| If it were your head, it would be.
 Did you notice the sign on his counter? He’s not a full-time dry cleaner. He also makes keys.| Oh, for God’s sake, Sheldon.
 His right hand is calling him?| No, it’s Leslie Winkle. It’s a long story.
 I’ll pick you up in ten minutes. Gentlemen, adieu.| I thought we were going to play Halo tonight.
 Nevertheless, I must depart. By the way, did I tell you? Leslie pulled some strings and got me on the research trip to Geneva to check out the CERN Supercollider.| That’s not fair. You’re not even a physicist.
 Okay, there are two ways of looking at this…| Get out.
 This is my spot. Where else am I supposed to crouch?| I don’t know. Texas?
 What do you mean, nope? What’s wrong with it?| Nothing, it’s what’s wrong with him.
 It’s exactly the same…| Penny, Penny, I think I know what to do. Sheldon, I have some bad news.
 More?| I’m afraid so. You know the cashew chicken I get you Monday nights?
 Yes. From Szechuan Palace.| Szechuan Palace closed two years ago.
 What? Wh-Where did my cashew chicken come from?| Golden Dragon.
 No. No, this isn’t right. Our food always comes in Szechuan Palace containers.| Yeah, well, before they went out of business, I bought 4,000 containers. I keep them in the trunk of my car.
 But. Oh, this changes everything.| I thought that might take his mind off the cushion.
 You did make that up, right?| Oh, God, I wish I had.
 Leonard?| Yeah, buddy?
 Thanks for the shoes.| Penny is an amazing shot. I think we have a real chance to win this week.
 What’s the plan?| Okay. Now, we all run out. Sheldon and I will cut to the left behind these trees. Raj, Howard and Leslie flank to the right behind the rocks. Then we’ll all have a great view as Penny runs out and kills everyone else in sight.
 That was for my cushion.| Sheldon, Penny was our only hope.
 Okay, see you.| Where are you going?
 But once you open the box, you’ve voided the warranty. The warranty is a sacred covenant we’ve entered into with the manufacturer. He offers to stand by his equipment, and we in return agree not to violate the integrity of the internal hardware. This little orange sticker is all that stands between us and anarchy.| Okay, then we won’t touch the hard drive. We’ll just erase the first season of Battlestar.
 For taking daffodils to your unicorn.| It’s just for my notebooks. Thanks, Penny.
 When I go, I usually just get hammered and ride the cable cars.| This conference is kind of a big thing. The keynote address is being delivered by George Smoot.
 Oh, my God, the George Smoot?| You’ve heard of him?
 Okay, now that I’ve been completely insulted, have a good flight.| Yeah, I wish.
 Well, then why are you doing it?| Well, we had a vote. Three of us voted for airplane, Sheldon voted for train, so we’re taking the train.
 Oh, I always enjoy that, but I’m a little busy.| What are you doing?
 I’m simplifying the task of packing for our trip. See, by attaching RFID tags to my clothing, it will enable my laptop to read and identify the items with this wand. I will then cross-reference them against destination, anticipated activity spectrum, weather conditions, duration of trip, et cetera.| Well, that does sound much simpler. How long is this going to take?
 Assuming I can keep up this pace, three hours, 11 minutes, and plus however long it takes to conclude this fairly pointless conversation.| Wow. Teasing the guys at the Apple store seems a little redundant now.
 I don’t follow.| I wouldn’t expect you to. I’ll see you later.
 No.| Why not?
 That’s over the wheelbase. Are you completely unfamiliar with the suspension characteristics of a pre-1980 Pullman-built Superliner Deluxe passenger coach?| Sheldon, we’ve been on this train 90 seconds, and you’ve already said a thousand words. Just tell us where to sit and shut up.
 Here. I’m hoping once you reap the endorphic rewards of the steady clickety-clack of steel wheels on polished rails, your sour disposition will abate.| Yeah, maybe. Meanwhile back in the 21st century, people are raising their tray tables and putting their seat-backs in an upright position ’cause it’s time to land in San Francisco.
 He is referring, of course, to third class on Indian Railways’ magnificent Ranakpur Express and its twelve hundred kilometer journey from Maharashtra to the Bikaner Junction.| Oh, look, now he’s boring on an international scale.
 Holy crap! Look!| Is that who I think it is?
 It can’t be. What would Summer Glau be doing riding the train?| Maybe John Connor’s aboard and she’s protecting him from an evil Terminator.
 Unlikely. That’s a television show, Leonard.| Thank you.
 Of course, if SkyNet actually did exist in the future, a perfect way to infiltrate and destroy mankind would be to send Terminators back posing as actors who have played Terminators in popular films and television series, lulling us into a false sense of security, i.e., that’s Summer Glau from The Sarah Connor Chronicles. No, Summer, don’t kill me! I’m pro-robot! Ahh!| At least he’s off the train crap.
 You’re overlooking something. I have 11 hours with her in a confined space. Unless she’s willing to jump off a moving train, tuck and roll down the side of a hill, she will eventually succumb to the acquired taste that is Howard Wolowitz.| My money’s on tuck and roll.
 Well, you know the old saying, pasty and frail never fail.| Excuse me, but what about me? Why don’t I get a shot?
 Fine, go ahead. Take a shot.| You know, I’ve already got a gorgeous blonde back home at I can’t score with. I think I’ll let you two take this one.
 and the upper level is a bar that offers wine tastings if you’re going as far as Portland.| So aren’t you going to go talk to her?
 I will, I’m just working on my opening line.| She’s probably heard every possible line, Howard. Why don’t you just try hello?
 No, no, no, that always creeps girls out. I need to come up with something that’s funny, smart and delicately suggests that my sexual endowment is disproportionate to my physical stature.| You’re going to need more than 11 hours.
 Oh, no.| What’s the matter?
 I forgot my flash drive.| So?
 So we have to go back.| Okay, Sheldon, I’m going to say why and your answer cannot be because I forgot my flash drive.
 You don’t understand. My flash drive has my paper on astrophysical probes of M-theory effects in the early universe that I was going to give to George Smoot at the conference.| Why do you have to give your paper to George Smoot?
 It’s brilliant. He needs to read it.| So you’ll send him an e-mail when we get back.
 Then I won’t get to see his face light up as he reads it.| Right. Of course.
 Oh, this is an unmitigated disaster.| Well, there’s nothing you can do about it, so relax, sit back, enjoy the clickety-clack of the steel wheels on the polished rails.
 Are you going to be sarcastic?| Boy, you take all the fun out of it for me.  But look, Penny’s home. Why don’t we just call her, have her go in the apartment, get your flash drive and e-mail you the paper?
 But the flash drive is in a locked drawer in my desk.| So?
 The key is hidden in my room.| So?
 Penny would have to go into my room.| So?
 People don’t go in my room!| I see. Well, it seems once again, you’re caught between a rock and a crazy place.
 What’s up? I’ll tell you what’s up. I’m in a crisis situation, and I need you to marshal your powers of concentration, limited as they may be…| Give me the phone. Hi, Penny. It’s Leonard.
 Hey, Leonard. What’s going on with Dr. Wackadoodle?| He’s calling to ask you a favour. You might be confused because he didn’t use the words, Penny, Sheldon, please or favour.
 Do you believe him? Normally around women, he has the personality of a boiled potato. Put one beer in him, and he’s M. Night Charmalarmalon.| Is that what he’s drinking? It’s not even real beer.
 What?| Look at it. Non-alcoholic beer.
 What’s going on?| I don’t know. Some sort of placebo effect, I guess.
 Put down the letters!| Hey, Penny. It’s Leonard.
 Hey, Leonard. How’s the train ride?| Delightful. Listen, I don’t know what you’re doing right now, but there are little bubbles forming on the corners of Sheldon’s mouth.
 Okay, yeah, I kind of crossed a line. Put him back on.| Thank you.
 Nobody calls me Moon Pie but Meemaw!| Hey, Penny. Leonard again.
 Okay, now you’re going to insert the flash drive into the USB port. She calls me Moon Pie because I’m nummy-nummy and she could just eat me up, now, please put the flash drive in the USB port. The one that looks like a little duck’s mouth.| Hey, how’d it go?
 I’m sorry. This is me.| Hi, my name’s Leonard.
 Let’s find out. Leonard, ready?| Ready.
 Despite my deep love of chess, lasers and aerosol disinfectant, I must forfeit.| Why?
 – Because it’s almost eleven o’clock.| So?
 Hey, you know what’d be a great idea? We get some girls over here and play Laser Obstacle Strip Chess.| Believe me, Howard, any girl who would be willing to play that, you don’t want to see naked.
 Sheldon, I’m sorry about your hamburger, okay? I just don’t want to be a waitress for the rest of my life.| Cheeseburger. I get a cheeseburger.
 Yeah, it’s crazy, but it totally works. Look, we made this Penny Blossom in under three minutes.| Terrific, but that kind of raises more questions than it answers.
 It won’t work, the flower’s too porous.| What if we infused the bottom layer with silicone-RTV to provide a better mounting surface?
 Why not eliminate the middle man? We could install a small server farm with a static IP in her bedroom.| She’d need some kind of industrial cooling system.
 Uh, I’ve seen this before.| Where?
 Ew.| Are you thinking about adding a desiccant like calcium sulphate?
 Wow.| Hey, we could liberate some micro-porous charcoal from the chem lab.
 Wait, wait, what am I going to do?| Uh, hey, it’s your business. Do whatever you want.
 – What’s wrong with it?| Not you. I wasn’t asking you. Penny?
 Uh, well, it’s a little juvenile. I mean, it kind of looks like the MySpace page of a 13-year-old girl.| No, it doesn’t.
 Penny, this is your enterprise, so it’s ultimately your decision, but based on the quality of his work, I’d strongly recommend that we let Leonard go.| You want to fire me?
 What I want is irrelevant. This is Penny’s decision. Penny?| Excuse me, but if I did such a bad job then why do we already have orders?
 We do?| Uh-huh. Look. Mrs. Fiona Fondell from Huntsville, Alabama has ordered two.
 No kidding. Two?| Uh-huh. Look at the comments.
 Penny, everything is better with Bluetooth.| Holy crap. Someone just ordered a thousand Penny Blossoms.
 Get out! Who needs a thousand sparkly flower barrettes with rhinestones?| The Fifth Annual East Rutherford, New Jersey, Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual and Transgender Alliance Luau.
 Wait, wait, wait, why does it say one-day rush? Since when do we offer a one-day rush?| Amazon offers one-day rush.
 Yeah, but they don’t have to glue the books together. How the hell are we going to make a thousand Penny Blossoms in one day?| Don’t yell at me. I’m not manufacturing. I’m just Web design.
 You guys get started.| What are you doing?
 We only had four servants. And two of them were children.| How are we doing?
 Leonard, help.| Sheldon, we still have 380 of these things to make.
 Leonard?| Yeah, no. But, Sheldon, without your insight and leadership this entire enterprise will surely fail.
 We should have let him go to bed.| Bam.
 Oh. Then never mind.| I’ll print out the shipping label. Uh-oh.
 What?| We got an e-mail from the East Rutherford, New Jersey, Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual and Transgender Alliance. They want another thousand Penny Blossoms.
 Really?| One-day rush. I really need to take that off the Web site.
 Come on. What about the living organism of the workforce and the American spirit and Jiminy Crockett at the Alamo?| Davy Crockett. Jiminy Crockett was a cricket.
 Leonard?| Sorry. My apologies to the gay community of East Rutherford, New Jersey.
 Penny, please, we’re facing a far more serious problem than stray arachnids.| Sheldon, it’s not that bad.
 Not bad? It’s horrible. I mean, you hear stories about this sort of thing, but you never think it’ll happen to you.| So they steamed your dumplings, get over it. New topic, please.
 Okay, new topic, please. Hey, did you hear the people upstairs in 5A are moving out?| Shh-shh-shh!
 The people upstairs are moving out.| No!
 The horror!| Why would you just say something like that?
 How else was I supposed to say it?| Slowly, like putting a new fish in a tank. You don’t just drop it in, you let the bag sit in the water a while.
 You’re right, I can’t. You know what? Anyone could rent that apartment now, an opera singer, the cast of stomp, yeah, a tap-dancing pirate with a wooden leg.| Why are you making it worse?
 Hold on. You honestly expect me to believe that social protocol dictates we break our backs helping Wolowitz move, and then he only need buy us a pizza?| I’m sorry, that really is how it works.
 You’re tricking me. You tell me the truth, what do we get?| Raj, help me out here.
 Oh, no, the new ones, they’re here.| Stay calm, we don’t know anything about them yet. What are you doing?
 I’m checking for musical instruments. Does that sound like castanets to you?| The box says kitchen.
 Hello.| Hello.
 I’m Alicia. I’m moving in upstairs.| That is so great. Oh, I’m Leonard, I live downstairs. Upstairs from here, but under you. Not under you per se, but under your apartment.
 That’s nice.| Yeah, it is.
 Is that your answer or do you not understand the question? We’ll come back to that one.| Sheldon…
 No.| You’re making her uncomfortable.
Thanks so much for helping me, Leonard.| Thank you so much for giving me the opportunity to help.
 Hi.| I’m helping.
 Please, you look cute. I’m dressed like a slob today, too.| I think you look fantastic.
 Yeah.| Alicia is an actress, just like you.
 That’s why I work at the Cheesecake Factory, I’m holding out for the right part.| Alicia, what do you want as your default setting for DVDs, 5.1 Dolby or DTS?
 Whatever you think is best, cutie.| Well, DTS has more low end, so… okay.
 Uh, hey, guys, guys, you will really appreciate this, I read the best science joke on the internet. Alicia, you won’t get it, but it’s right up their alley. Anyway, so, this physicist goes into an ice cream parlour every week and orders an ice cream sundae for himself, and then offers one to the empty stool sitting next to him. This goes on for a while until the owner finally asks him what he’s doing. The man says, “well, I’m a physicist, and quantum mechanics teaches us that it is possible for the matter above this stool to spontaneously turn into a beautiful woman who might accept my offer and fall in love with me.” The owner then says, “well, lots of single, beautiful women come in here every day, why don’t you buy an ice cream for one of them, and they might fall in love with you?” And the physicist says, “yeah, but what are the odds of that happening?”| It’s a little insulting, don’t you think?
 Hey, Leonard? If you’re done with the DVD player, can you set up my printer?| Uh, yeah, I’d love to.
 Uh, hey, maybe when you’re done with her printer, you could set up mine. You know, like you promised a week ago.| Yeah, I’ll get to it, don’t nag me.
 So, what do we got going on tonight, huh? Playing Halo watching Battlestar, drop some mentos in diet coke?| You want to watch Battlestar?
 Oh, thank God you’re home. I need help.| What’s wrong?
 I just got a callback to audition for CSI to play a hooker who gets killed.| Oh, I’d watch that.
 But my car is in the shop, and I have to be at Universal in forty-five minutes.| Okay, well, I’ll take you.
 Only the modern green lantern is vulnerable to yellow.| Golden age green lantern was vulnerable to wood.
 Hu-u-u-uh…. Hu-u-u-uh!| Problem?
 We don’t have Thai food on Thursday. We have pizza on Thursday.| Yes, but we all agreed that the third Thursday of every month would be Anything Can Happen Thursday.
 I could go for some goat.| Sheldon, we agreed we’d do something different tonight.
 Last night was Wednesday. Wednesday is comic book night. Tonight, we’ll be going on Thursday, because it’s Anything Can Happen Thursday.| Way to think outside but pressed right up against the box, Sheldon.
 If I may proffer a suggestion, in bars all across this great nation of ours, Thursday night is Ladies’ Night. Which means, as the evening progresses, we will get better looking courtesy of 99 cent margaritas and two-for-one Jell-O shots.| Come on, Howard, the odds of us picking up girls in a bar are practically zero.
 Neediness times dress size squared. Crunching the numbers, I come up with a conservative 5,812 potential sex partners within a 40-mile radius.| You’re joking.
 Well, what are we waiting for? Let’s bounce, bitches.| You’re right. It’s Anything Can Happen Thursday, let’s hit the clubs and meet hot women!
 Here we go. Lock up your daughters! We’re going to hit it and quit it.| Or we could finish eating and go to the comic book store.
 Alright, but next Anything Can Happen Thursday, we’re definitely going to a bar.| Oh, absolutely.
 Leonard, could you pick me up a few comics for my nephew’s birthday?| Sure. What does he like?
 Leonard?| You know this can go on all night, why don’t you just come with us?
 Oh, what a cute, little store. Everybody’s staring at me.| Don’t worry, they’re more scared of you than you are of them.
 Get her out of here.| Come on, I’ll help you pick something.
 Oh, hey, Leonard. Can I help you find something?| Oh, hey, Stuart. This is Penny. She’s looking for some comic books.
 Oh, really. Blink twice if you’re here against your will.| I think we’re fine, Stuart.
 Thanks. He seems like a nice guy.| You mean for someone who’s into comic books?
 No, no, no, I just meant for… yeah.| Penny, just because people appreciate comic books doesn’t make them weirdos. Stuart’s a terrific artist. He went to the Rhode Island School of Design.
 What about the guy over there in the superhero T-shirt tucked into his sweatpants?| Ah, yeah, that’s Captain Sweatpants. He doesn’t really help the point I’m trying to make.
 No, you!| Problem?
 Leonard, we need a ruling.| Uh, cut it in half?
 It’d still be you, but I’d feel like an idiot.| I don’t believe it. Stuart’s putting the moves on Penny.
 Guys, have you seen Stuart all up in Penny’s business over there?| Nobody’s up in anybody’s business, let’s just buy our stuff and go.
 Look at that, that’s a dent. Thank you, Howard Ham-Fisted Wolowitz. Did you just shut the TV off in the middle of the classic Deep Space Nine/Star Trek The Original Series Trouble With Tribbles crossover episode?| Apparently so.
 Are you ill?| No.
 All right. Then is it fair to say that you’re experiencing some sort of emotional turmoil over the events involving Penny earlier this evening?| When did you pick up on that?
 A moment ago, when you turned off the TV in the middle of }during the classic Deep Space Nine/Star Trek The Original Series Trouble With Tribbles crossover episode. Would you like some advice?| Sure, why not?
 Then, this is the perfect time to launch a blog with an interactive comments section.| Gee, thanks a lot.
 Would you rather I offer my personal insight?| I don’t need any insights. I just want to know why Penny’s more interested in Stuart than me. We’re practically the same guy.
 Oh, I disagree. Stuart is taller, artistic, self-employed and, most significantly, he gets 45 percent off comic books.| You’re right, I really should be asking strangers on the Internet.
 Uh, Stuart has a piece in an art show that’s opening tonight.| And you guys are going together, great…
 See you, Stuart.| Hey, Howard?
 Yes.| Take me to a bar with women.
 Really?| Yeah.
 Okay! Let me just go inside and slip off my underwear.| Why?
 All right, the Three Musketeers just became the Dynamic Duo.| Should we talk to some of these women?
 It’s way too early in the night for that. See, first we let the lawyers and the jocks thin the herd, and then we go after the weak and the old and the lame.| That’s your system?
 Barkeep! Alexander me.| How about those two?
 Nah, they’re eating peanuts, and my allergies, one kiss would put me in Cedar-Sinai for a week.| What about the ones in the corner?
 Possible, very possible. Do you want the one in the whiplash collar or the one who keeps blinking?| I think Blinky’s cute.
 You got it, sir.| Wait, so we just go over there?
 No, we have a little prep work to do. Put this in your mouth. We walk past them, you stumble a bit. I say, sorry, my friend’s had a little too much, and then I start to pull it out of your mouth and say, a little too much fun. Get it? I mean, they’re laughing, we’re laughing, and then we get them up to about a .15 blood alcohol level, and tell them we’re millionaires.| What else you got?
 Depends. Are you willing to sit on my lap and pretend to be a ventriloquist dummy?| No.
 Wait, is this your card or isn’t it? Trust me, this was their card.| I thought you were good at this. You’re always talking about how you go to bars and meet women.
 I do, all the time.| Well, what happened? We’ve been sitting here all night and the longest conversation you’ve had with a woman was when your mom called.
 Wow, you’re just going to make me come out and say it, aren’t you?| Say what?
 You’re weighing me down. I’m a falcon who hunts better solo.| Fine. I’ll sit here. You take flight and hunt.
 Don’t be ridiculous, you can’t just tell a falcon when to hunt.| Actually, you can. There’s a whole sport built around it. Falconry.
 Okay, are you from Star Wars universe?| Yes
 Were you in the original trilogy?| Yes
 Is there a picture of you in my wallet wearing a metal bikini?| God, I hope not. And no, I’m not Princess Leia.
 Oh, okay, okay, my turn. Are you in the six Star Wars movies?| Yes
 Interesting. Are you a Droid?| Yes
 Do you kind of look like a shiny Sheldon?| Yes
 C3PO.| You got it.
 What exactly does that expression mean, friends with benefits? Does he provide her with health insurance?| No. Look, imagine you maintained a friendship with someone you had sex with, but you were free to date whoever you wanted.
 I’m sorry, I can’t imagine any of that.| Alright, back to the game.
 No, it was something else. Why does everything have to be about sex with you? Come on. Who’s turn is it?| We were up to you.
 Great, just start.| Okay, let’s see. Are you from a TV series?
 I don’t understand. If you were in a non-emotional relationship then why are you having  what appears be an emotional response?| Sheldon, he obviously had feelings for her.
 Of course I had feelings for her, I saw her naked for God’s sake!| Okay, uh look, you just need to get your mind off it. Do you want to go to the comic book store? Maybe go see a movie?
 Is it me, or was that Sheldon’s way of saying Vegas baby!| I’ve never been there, have you?
 It could be fun. I know my weekend’s wide open, now that…| Okay, then let’s do this, lets go to Las Vegas.
 Now? Right now?| Why not? People do things right now all the time. Why can’t we be right now people too. Go home, pack a bag and we’ll be right now people. I have to stop at the drug store to refill a prescription, but after that we’ll go right now.
 Sea World, baby!| Hey, Sheldon, are you coming?
 I’d rather have a blowfly lay eggs and hatch larvae in my auditory canal.| Great, we’ll bring you back a tee-shirt.
 Look at this, mouthwash, lotion, body wash, shampoo and conditioner together in one tiny bottle. I love Las Vegas.| Howard, could I borrow some after shave?
 Black case, top compartment.| That is a lot of cologne.
 You guys go ahead, I just have to finish up an email.| That’s not an email, that’s Leslie’s facebook page.
 Grow up, Raj,there’s no place for truth on the internet. Just go, I’ll catch up with you.| Alright.
 Oh, we should have a plan in case one of us gets lucky.| Okay, uh, if I get lucky I’ll take her to my stately manor outside Gotham City, and if you get lucky, I’ll sleep on the moon.
 Why, yes, I love to party. Party is my middle name. Or it would be, if it weren’t Ramayan.| Uh, Raj, can I, can I talk to you for a moment.
 Not now, Leonard, Michaela’s inviting me to a party. You better call the moon and you make sure that they have a bed for you.| Yeah, I really need to talk to you.
 What? No. ..| Okay, let me put it this way, in your entire life, how many gorgeous women have walked straight up to you in a bar and asked if you wanted to party.
 Maybe I can save her.| Maybe, but I’m guessing it will cost you about $500 an hour to try.
 Oh, I miss her already.| Oh, Howard’s losing it. Check out his latest twitters. “I’m at the bottom of a black hole staring into the abyss. My life is meaningless, my future is without hope.”
 Why don’t we take him to see the Blue Man Group?| You think that’d help?
 USA Today calls them exuberant fun for the whole family.| I don’t know, Howard isn’t really the family fun kind of guy.
 It’s too bad he wasn’t here for that hooker. She’s exactly his type. A hooker. You know, I bet if we hired her, that would cheer him up.| We’re not going to get Wolowitz a hooker.
 Oh, hi.| Yeah, hi, listen, m, if you’re not busy, well, w-we were thinking you could… well, we were wondering…
 I am a prostitute.| Okay, great. Um… uh, the thing is, we’ve got this friend, and he’s kind of down in the dumps, and we thought that maybe you could cheer him up.
 With sex.| I think she knows what I meant.
 Don’t worry, I can take good care of your friend.| Okay, terrific. Um, uh, listen, is there a way that we can do this where he doesn’t know that you’re a… you know…
 You want the girlfriend experience.| Yes, yeah, exactly, the girlfriend experience.
 Alright, where are these amazing shrimp?| Behold?
 Yeah. Excuse me for a moment.| Hey, how’s it going.
 Cut the crap, you set this up, didn’t you?| Yes.
 You already gave her the money?| Yes.
 Oh, good, you’re finally home.| What were you doing at Penny’s?
 Oh, get over yourself, it’s a high-tech toilet.| Just think. Thanks to your hard work, an international crew of astronauts will boldly go
 Uh, hey, Leonard, can I talk to you about something?| Oh, sure, what’s up?
 Remember I went out with your friend Penny a couple weeks ago?| Yeah, vaguely.
 Sure you remember. You went to the bar and made a fool of yourself trying to pick up strange women.| What about it?
 Well, uh, the thing is, the date didn’t go that well.| Oh, too bad. I guess the thing to do now is just pick yourself up, dust yourself off, forget it and move on.
 I can’t do that.| Why the hell not?
 Uh, anyway, I figured this is probably my last shot with Penny and I don’t want to screw it up.| Nobody wants that.
 So, here’s my question. It’s the second date, you think she’ll be expecting things to get physical?| Uh, oh, gee, my initial reaction is no. You know, let me think about it and get back to you, okay?
 Okay, so, you’ll give me a call?| Yeah, or you call me.
 Great.| Or nobody calls anyone.
 Interesting. Penny’s current suitor asking advice from her former suitor.| You know, thanks for closed-captioning my pain, Raj.
 Hey, wanna make sure he gets nowhere with Penny without jeopardizing your friendship with either of them?| I’m listening.
 Hey, Leonard.| Oh, hi.
 How’s it going?| Good, good. You?
 Fine. Oh, hey, can I ask you something?| Sure.
 You know your friend Stuart?| Yes.
 Well, he asked me out again and I said yes, and then I started thinking maybe I should talk to you first.| About what?
 Well, does it bother you, me going out with one of your friends? ‘Cause you know, you and me…| No, no that’s the past. I’m really more of a right now kind of guy. You know, living in the moment. Although I do have to live a little in the future, ’cause, well, that’s my job. Of course, my fondness for classic science fiction does draw my attention backwards, but those stories often take place in the future. In conclusion, no, it doesn’t bother me.
 Okay, well, that’s really cool of you.| Yeah, well I wouldn’t say cool, I’d just say, that’s Leonard!
 Well, In that case, do you mind giving me some advice?| About Stuart? Love to.
 He’s very shy, how do I make him feel more comfortable around me?| Well, uh, first of all, don’t underestimate the value of discomfort.
 Really?| Well, yeah, Stuart thrives under pressure, that’s why he works in a comic book store.
 You’re not going to answer it?| He wants to talk about Penny. I don’t want to talk about Penny.
 You’re making an assumption. Perhaps the comic book store is on fire, and he needs your assistance.| Why would he call me?
 We don’t know. And if you don’t answer the phone, we can’t know.| I’m not answering the phone, Sheldon.
 Answer the phone, Leonard.| No! There, it went to voice mail.
 Aren’t you going to check your messages?| No.
 You have to check your messages, the leaving of a message is one half of a social contract which is completed by the checking of the message. If that contract breaks down then all social contracts break down and we descend into anarchy.| It must be hell inside your head.
 Look, I was going over the schematics on my zero-G toilet, and I made a teeny tiny mistake on the specifications for the diverter valve.| How teeny tiny?
 No. Are you crazy?What am I gonna say? I screwed up your toilet and pretty soon there’s gonna be crap floating all over your nice shiny space station?| Well, what are you gonna do?
 I’m gonna figure out how to fix it, then I’ll tell them.| So, what do you need us for?
 Don’t you mean the Wolowitz Zero-Gravity Human Waste Distribution System?| Good one.
 Hey Leonard.| Hey Stuart.
 You busy?| Um…
 Classified, Leonard.| Yeah, it’s a regular Manhattan Project. What’s up?
 Well, tonight’s my date with Penny and since we haven’t been able to connect by phone…| Yeah, I’m sorry, it’s been broken.
 Or e-mail.| Yeah, that too. Everything’s broken.
 Anyway, I was just wondering if you had any last-minute advice.| All right, well, off the top of my head, I think the most important thing with Penny is to go really slow. I mean, glacial.
 Okay.| You know, guys come onto her all the time, so, you need to, like, set yourself apart. You know, be a little shy, don’t make too much eye contact. And, you know, treat her with, like, cool detachment and, and, and, you know, fear.
 Fear?| Yeah, like, you’re afraid that if you touch her, she’ll break.
 Well, that plays right into my wheelhouse.| Good, good. Well, you kids have fun tonight.
 Be afraid of Penny, nice, very crafty.| It wasn’t bad advice. It just wasn’t particularly helpful.
 No good. I mean, it might work for the Japanese and the Americans, but have you seen the size of the Russians they got up there? This thing has to hold up against a hearty potato-based diet.| I feel terrible.
 Maybe if you were helping, you’d feel better about yourself.| I deliberately tried to sabotage Stuart’s date with Penny.
 Morning. What’s up?| Nothing. We just pulled an all-nighter trying to fix a zero-gravity… pasta maker. I’m gonna make a coffee run. Do you want any?
 Oh, no, thanks. I have coffee.| Great. So how’d it go with Stuart last night?
 I really don’t want to talk about it.| Yeah. Right. Sure. The thing is, before you guys went out, I spoke to him and…
 I said I don’t want to talk about it.| Okay… I just… I kind of…
 Where are you going?| Comic book store.
 Why does Leonard get to go?| ‘Cause he’s upset over his situation with Penny and if I have to hear about it again, I’m going to kick him in his ovaries.
 ‘Cause he’s upset over his situation with Penny and if I have to hear about it again, I’m going to kick him in his ovaries.| Thanks for understanding, Howard.
 Sure, what’s up?| I think I gave you bad advice about Penny, and I want to apologize.
 No, your advice was great.| It was?
 Yeah, going slow really worked.| You’re kidding. Never worked for me.
 Yeah, last night at dinner, I did what you told me, I went really slow, I kept my distance, and two bottles of wine later, we were making out in my car.| Wine? I didn’t say to give her wine.
 It doesn’t matter, that’s where it all went to hell.| During the kissing? What did you do, sneeze in her mouth? I did that to a girl once.
 No, everything was good and really hot, and I said “Oh, Penny,” and right where she was supposed to say, “Oh, Stuart,” she said… your name.| Leonard?
 That is your name, right?| Yeah, no, yeah, wow, I’m sorry. That must’ve been the last thing you wanted to hear.
 Well, it beats you know I’m a dude, right? Yeah, it was pretty bad.| No doubt, no doubt. Okay, well, I’m sorry it didn’t work out.
 Not your fault.| Yeah, how about that? See you soon.
 What’s classified?| Howard’s space toilet. I’ll tell you later.
 Leonard, could you pass the soy sauce, please?| I’m sorry, were you talking to me?
 Yeah, I said Leonard.| Yes, you did, didn’t you?
 Meatloaf.| What was it doing on the ceiling?
 Oh, boy.| What?
 I can’t comment without violating our agreement that I don’t criticize your work.| Then what was oh, boy?
 Great restraint on my part.| There’s nothing wrong with the science here.
 You actually had it right in the first place. Once again, you’ve fallen for one of my classic pranks. Bazinga! Well, now here’s a peculiar e-mail. The president of the university wants me to meet him at his office tomorrow morning at 8 a.m.| Why?
 That’s 14 hours away. For the next 840 minutes, I’m effectively one of Heisenberg’s particles, I know where I am or I know how fast I’m going, but I can’t know both. Yet how am I supposed to carry on with this huge annoying thing hovering over my head?| Yeah, I know the feeling.
 Why is everybody keep telling me what time it is?| Everybody?
 You, the president of the university, his wife, their sullen teenage daughter. That entire family is fascinated by what time it is and whether people know it.| You went to President Seibert’s house in the middle of the night?
 He didn’t respond to my e-mail, his phone number is unlisted. Tell me what my other option was.| You could have waited until morning. I know, look who I’m talking to.
 Do you remember the grant proposal I submitted to the National Science Foundation to detect slow-moving monopoles at the magnetic North Pole?| Hardly a day goes by when I don’t think about it.
 Aw, how nice. Well, a space opened up at the last minute on the NSF expedition to the Arctic Circle.| Wait a minute. He offered to send you to the North Pole?
 Yes. In fact, he was quite enthusiastic. He said, “Frankly, if I could send you tonight, I would.”| Okay, well, do you want to go?
 Of course not. I’m a theoretical physicist, a career I chose in no small part because it’s indoors, but if I’m able to detect slow-moving magnetic monopoles there, I will be the scientist to confirm string theory. People will write books about me. Third-graders will create macaroni-art dioramas depicting scenes from my life.| Sure, maybe a tableau of me trying to pummel you to death.
 Sarcasm?| Maybe.
 I’m on the horns of a dilemma. Can you imagine me, Sheldon Cooper, at the North Pole?| Easy peasy, I’m doing it right now.
 I’m not good with cold, Leonard. How often have we had to leave a movie theatre because I got a headache from drinking the Icee too fast? I can’t go.| Well, then don’t go.
 How can you say that? The scientific opportunity of a lifetime presents itself and my best friend says don’t go.| All right, then go.
 Listen to you. How can I possibly go?| Sheldon, what are the words I can say right now to end this conversation and let me go back to sleep?
 Odd, President Seibert posed the exact same question.| How was it resolved?
 …the invitation to join the Arctic Expedition.| It’s not gonna be the same without you.
 We’re not really gonna go to the North Pole with him, are we?| Hang on. Let’s talk about it. This is a National Science Foundation expedition. I don’t know how we can turn it down.
 But if we were part of the team that confirmed string theory, we could drink for free in any bar in any college town with a university that has a strong science program.| Howard, this is big science. You could be the engineer who builds the equipment that puts us on the cover of magazines.
 So you guys are seriously considering this?| Yes.
 Well, gentlemen, have you reached a decision?| I’m in.
 Hey, Leonard.| Hi.
 Sheldon says you’re going to the North Pole.| Yeah. Pretty cool, huh?
 Yeah. I’m just a little surprised you didn’t tell me.| Oh, well, it all happened kind of fast, and we had to get physicals and buy thermal underwear and study up on, you know, snow and stuff. Sorry, I was gonna tell you.
 Is he serious?| Actually, it would help.
 All right, I’ll see what I can do. So, three months at the North Pole. Wow, that is awesome.| Yeah.
 Just a warning, Sheldon, the freezer locks from the outside.| Did she seem upset to you?
 No. Did she seem upset to you?| No.
 Oh, good, I got it right. Are you upset?| A little bit.
 Two for two. I’m on fire.| I mean, I know she’s not my girlfriend or anything, but wouldn’t you think she’d feel a little bad that I’m going to be gone for the whole summer?
 I think I swallowed some paint!| I can’t press any of the buttons with my gloves. Oh, son of a bitch!
 Oh, boy, am I gonna get sued.| Okay, I can’t do this.
 You heard the man. Hold him down and I’ll cut him open.| Hang on, I know I don’t possess the tools of leadership, but I don’t understand why we can’t assemble the equipment inside the hut and then take it outside.
 Here, drink slash eat this.| What is it?
 Because in the frigid temperatures in the Arctic, we need to consume at least 5,000 calories a day just to maintain our body weight.| Sheldon, you know I can’t eat butter. I’m lactose intolerant.
 Well, I got you a little going away present.| Oh, a blanket.
 Oh, no, no, no, not just a blanket. See, it has sleeves. Yeah!  So, you can, you know, be all snoodled up while you do your science stuff.| Oh, wow, cool.
 I want a cookie, Meemaw.| Sheldon, it’s me.
 But Meemaw just made cookies.| Listen, I don’t know if I can go on the expedition.
 What?| I don’t think I can go to the North Pole.
 Okay, Leonard, I know you’re concerned about disappointing me but I want you to take comfort from the knowledge that my expectations of you are very low.| Yeah, that’s very comforting.
 Comforting is a part of leadership. It’s not a part I care for, but such is my burden.| Terrific, it’s just that I don’t think Penny wants me to go.
 Assuming that’s a valid reason not to go, which it isn’t, how do you know this? Did she say it?| Not exactly. But she said she was gonna miss me and she gave me this.
 What is it?| It’s a blanket with sleeves.
 Oh, that’s clever. Let me see if I understand this correctly. Her missing you is an emotional state you find desirable?| Yes, obviously.
 All right. Well, given that missing you is predicated on you leaving, logic dictates you must leave.| Yes, okay, but I’m gonna be gone for three months. What if she doesn’t miss me that long and she meets someone else?
 She does have a short attention span.| So, I can’t go.
 Leonard, you may be right. It appears that Penny secretly wants you in her life in a very intimate and carnal fashion.| You really think so?
 Oh, Leonard, what time is it?| It’s 7 a.m. I’m sorry it’s early, but we’re leaving soon, and I needed to talk to you.
 Okay.| What did you mean when you said you’re going to miss me?
 Wine, credit card and late night television are a bad combination.| All right, fine. What about that really long hug? What did that mean?
 That wasn’t a long hug.| It was at least five Mississippis. A standard hug is two Mississippis tops.
 Leonard, I don’t know what to tell you. It was just a hug.| Glad we cleared that up.
 Yeah.| I guess I’ll see you.
 Okay, have a safe trip.| Thank you. Bye.
 What?| We’re out of ice.
 Crossbow.| Hey, guys, can I just say something? How about we take a moment to think about where we are right now? This is literally the top of the world. Only a handful of people in all of human history will ever see what we are going to see.
 I say double feature.| Dinner’s ready!
 What are we having?| Reconstituted Thai food.
 Did you bring the dehydrated low-sodium soy sauce?| Check.
 Freeze-dried spicy mustard?| Check.
 Flash-frozen brown rice, not white?| Uh, oh, sorry.
 I missed you so much.| I missed you, too.
 I couldn’t even think of anyone else while you were gone.| Me, neither. Except for one night when the heat went out. Long story, it’s… don’t ask.
 Whispering do not make a sound is a sound.| Damn his Vulcan hearing. Not a good time, Sheldon.
 Wolowitz has informed me of your grand deception. Do you have anything to say for yourself?| Yes, I feel terrible about it. I will never forgive myself, I don’t expect you to either, and I would really appreciate it if you would leave me with Penny for a session of self-criticism and repentance.
 Is that true?| It was the only way to make him happy.
 Why did you have to make him happy?| Because when he wasn’t happy, we wanted to kill him. There was even a plan. We were going to throw his Kindle outside, and when he went to get it, lock the door and let him freeze to death.
 That seems like a bit of an overreaction.| No, the overreaction was the plan to tie your limbs to four different sled dog teams and yell mush. Look, we kept the original data. You can still publish the actual results.
 Yes, but the actual results are unsuccessful and I’ve already sent an e-mail to everyone at the university explaining that I have confirmed string theory and forever changed man’s understanding of the universe.| Aw, see, yeah, you probably shouldn’t have done that. So write another e-mail, set the record straight, it’s no big deal.
 Oh, the poor thing.| Yeah, I feel terrible.
 Wait, wait. Aren’t you going to go talk to him?| What? Uh, he’ll be fine, the guy’s a trouper, come here.
 No, you’re right, you shouldn’t talk to him. I will.| Man, I cannot catch a break.
 I call it the Mario and Luigi, but whatever. Hey, how’s Sheldon doing?| Well, he came out of his room this morning wearing his Darth Vader helmet and tried to choke me to death with the Force, so I’d say, a little better.
 If I may abruptly change the subject, did you and Penny finally… you know.| Howard…
 Personally, I don’t care, but my genitals wanted me to ask.| Well, tell your genitals what I do with Penny is none of their business.
 I feel bad for the guy.| Sheldon, why are you sitting by yourself?
 Because I am without friends. Like the proverbial cheese, I stand alone. Even while seated.| Come on. We said we were sorry.
 Oh, you think you’re so clever. Well, let me just tell you, while I do not currently have a scathing retort, you check your e-mail periodically for a doozy.| So much for our friendship with Sheldon.
 Hi.| Hey. Listen, since we got, you know, interrupted last night, I didn’t have a chance to give you this.
 Oh, Leonard, you shouldn’t have. Oh, boy! What is it?| It’s a snowflake. From the North Pole.
 Are you serious?| Uh-huh. It’ll last forever. I preserved it in a one percent solution of polyvinyl acetal resin.
 Well, he’s not answering his phone, he handed in his resignation at the university and he sent me a text that said, I’m running away.| Okay, well, thanks for letting me know.
 Well, you’re not gonna go with them?| Well, you know, I gave you the snowflake and we were kissing and… Oh, come on, I don’t want to go to Texas!
 Oh, right, and I do? My people already crossed a desert once, we’re done.| Trust me, you’ll be fine. See ya.
 Well, wait a second, Leonard, come on, how can you not go? He’s your best friend.| Yeah, but I already saw him naked. Just come here.
 No. I promise I will be here when you get back. Just go help Sheldon.| Really?
 Yeah. We waited a few months. We can wait a few more days.| Maybe you can.
 I’m sorry, this does not look like Texas. Where’s the tumbleweeds? Where’s the saloons?| Saloons?
 I was really hoping to see a cattle drive.| What can I tell you? They probably have steaks on sale at that big-ass Costco over there.
 Howdy to you, too. You got here quick.| – We took the red-eye.
 Can I… Can I get you something to drink?| Uh, no, thank you.
 A girl?| Uh, yes, ma’am.
 What are they doing here?| We came to apologize.
 Again.| And bring you home. So, why don’t you pack up your stuff and we’ll head back.
 And bring you home. So, why don’t you pack up your stuff and we’ll head back.| No, this is my home now. Thanks to you, my career is over and I will spend the rest of my life here in Texas trying to teach evolution to creationists.
 Uh-huh.| You know how they say when friends have sex it can get weird?
 Sure.| Why does it have to get weird?
 I don’t know.| I mean, we were friends, and now we’re more than friends. We’re whatever this is. But why label it, right? I mean, it is what it is and…
 Leonard?| Yeah?
 It’s weird.| Totally.
 I’m not crazy. My mother had me tested.| Hey, guys.
 What are you doing here?| What do you mean? It’s new comic book night.
 Yeah, but since you and Penny finally hooked up, we thought you two would be having bouncy naked yum-yum night.| There’s more to life than sex, Raj.
 I did.| Nothing flamed out. We don’t have to have sex every night, you know.
 Yeah, take advantage of that window of opportunity before it slams shut on your little dinky.| It’s not a matter of opportunity. We’re getting to know each other. There’s a learning curve.
 Oh, a clever, albeit obsolete, euphemism for insufficient blood flow to the male sex organ.| Nothing like that happened, all right? The sex was just fine.
 Just fine? Oh, dude, the fourth Harry Potter movie was just fine.| I’m not saying it was bad, I’m just saying it… wasn’t great.
 Oh, yeah.| To tell you the truth, I think we were both a little, I don’t know…
 Ashamed? Horrified? Repulsed?| All I know is, it wasn’t the way I dreamed it would be.
 Tandoori Palace?| No, we went somewhere new.
 You’re good-naturedly ribbing me, aren’t you?| No, look, Mumbai Palace.
 Why? Why would we change? We had a perfectly good palace. Tandoori Palace is our palace.| Trust me, this will be just fine.
 You are the authority on just fine.| What’s that supposed to mean?
 What are they talking about?| I don’t know
 I know. As I’m sure you’re aware…| Duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh.
 Okay, yeah, well, I’m just gonna go eat my dinner elsewhere. Maybe an airplane headed for a mountainside.| Penny, wait. Aagh! What is wrong with you?
 Ugh, I am so embarrassed!| Please don’t be mad.
 What did you tell them?| Nothing bad, just that last night was fine.
 Fine? You said it was fine?| Yeah, it’s a perfectly good word. You put it in front of wine or dining, and you’ve really got something. Okay, well, let me ask you this, how was last night for you?
 It was… okay.| Okay?
 Yeah, it’s a perfectly good word. I mean, you put it in front of dokay and you really got something. All right, look, let’s not overreact, you know? For a lot of couples, it takes time to get to know each other’s rhythms. Learn what the other person wants and likes.| So, you’ve been through this before?
 No.| Okay-dokay.
 You know, I think this is one of those things where talking about it is not going to make it better. Want a glass of wine?| So much.
 Okay. See, we should’ve done this last night, you know, have a little wine, take the edge off.| Actually, ethyl alcohol inhibits electrical conduction in the nerve cells and stimulates reuptake receptors of inhibitory neurotransmitters like gamma-aminobutyric acid.
 Peppermint schnapps.| Why would you buy peppermint schnapps?
 Because I like peppermint, and it’s fun to say schnapps. Hey, Leonard?| What?
 Schnapps.| Schnapps. You’re right, that is fun.
 Oh, I really don’t care anymore| God, I had the most horrible night.
 Hello.| Hey. What’s going on?
 Oh, you’d like to catch up on the events of the day. All right. Well, there was a half-hour wait at the bank to get into my safe deposit box, I was forced to talk to Penny about your sexual problems, and, oh, yes, in a moment filled with biblical resonance, pride wenteth before my fall, causing my Flash 123 to goeth to Wolowitz.| Wait a minute. You talked to Penny about our sex life?
 Leonard, it astonishes me how you continually fixate on the trivial. I lost a bet to Wolowitz.| Right, right. You’re saying you talked to Penny?
  Yes.| Interesting.
 Hardly.| Excuse me.
 Oh, hey.| Hey. Uh, what did Sheldon say to you?
 Not a lot. Just that we always have the option of going back to being friends.| Is that what you want?
 I don’t know. I mean, you have to admit things seemed simpler when we were just friends.| I guess.
 It would take the pressure off.| It would, wouldn’t it?
 So, we’ll just be friends.| Good, good.
 Dear Lord, are you still going to be here on French Toast Day?| Morning.
 Look, Leonard, Penny made French toast.| Sorry. I haven’t given her your schedule yet.
 It’s an iCal download, she can put it right in her phone. And I thought we agreed that you’d have your conjugal visits in her apartment.| We did, but there were extenuating circumstances.
 I see. Did her abysmal housekeeping skills finally trump her perkiness?| No, her bed kind of… broke.
 A homunculus?| Perfectly formed miniature human being.
 Oh, you’re my little homunculus.| Don’t do that.
 I can’t be impossible. I exist. I believe what you meant to say is, “I give up, he’s improbable.”| Sheldon, you really need to find a better way of dealing with Penny.
 What am I supposed to do, eat French toast on a Monday? Now, that would be impossible.| I’m just saying, you can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar.
 Okay, so Kim the night manager went on maternity leave, and her husband’s name is Sandy, right? So get this, her replacement is a woman named Sandy whose husband’s name is Kim.| Wow!
 Easily calculable, we begin by identifying the set of married couples with unisex names. We then eliminate those unqualified for restaurant work, the aged, the imprisoned and the limbless, for example. Next we look at…| Sheldon! it’s an amazing coincidence, can we leave it at that?
 Ooh, Sheldon, it’s as if you don’t think I’ll punch you.| Come on, you guys, let it go.
 Um, yeah, sure, thanks.| What was that?
 You said be nice to Penny. I believe offering chocolate to someone falls within the definition of nice.| It does. But in my experience, you don’t.
 There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy.| Yeah, yeah, now that’s you, obnoxious and insufferable.
 Okay, how about you two? Look, I’ve got some extra tat sleeves.| Why are you carrying extras?
 Oh, is the missus speaking for the couple now?| In this case, you bet she is.
 Really?| Yes, you’re using chocolates as positive reinforcement for what you consider correct behaviour.
 Very good. Chocolate?| No, I don’t want any chocolate! Sheldon, you can’t train my girlfriend like a lab rat.
 Actually, it turns out I can.| Well, you shouldn’t.
 There’s just no pleasing you, is there, Leonard? You weren’t happy with my previous approach to dealing with her, so I decided to employ operant conditioning techniques, building on the work of Thorndike and B.F. Skinner. By this time next week, I believe I can have her jumping out of a pool, balancing a beach ball on her nose.| No, this has to stop now.
 I’m not suggesting we really make her jump out of a pool. I thought the “bazinga” was implied. I’m just tweaking her personality, sanding off the rough edges if you will.| No, you’re not sanding Penny.
 Are you saying that I’m forbidden from applying a harmless, scientifically valid protocol that will make our lives better?| Yes, you’re forbidden.
 Obviously, waitressing at the Cheesecake Factory is a complex socioeconomic activity, that requires a great deal of analysis and planning. Bazinga! You know, using positive reinforcement techniques, I could train that behaviour out of her in a week.| No.
 If you let me use negative reinforcement, I can get it done before we go to bed.| You’re not squirting her in the face with water.
 No, of course not. We’re talking very mild electric shocks. No tissue damage whatsoever.| Forget it.
 Oh, come on, you can’t tell me that you’re not intrigued about the possibility of building a better girlfriend.| I’m not. And Penny’s qualities, both good and bad, are what make her who she is.
 You mean, like that high-pitched, irritating laugh?| Yes.
 Mmm, these are so good| Unbelievable.
 What?| I was just thinking, we should probably turn in too.
 well, my new bed got delivered, if you come over and put it together, you can stay at my place.| Really, that’s a lot of work, and it’s kind of late.
 Yeah, but if we stay there, we won’t have to be quiet.| Let’s go.
 This movie baffles me every time we watch it.| What do you mean?
 Celebrating Columbus Day.| We’re watching Goonies, Gremlins and Young Sherlock Holmes. They were all written by Chris Columbus.
 Oh, you know, that reminds me, I usually go back to Nebraska for thanksgiving, but this year they’re calling it off on account of my brother’s trial.| What’s he on trial for?
 Oh, just a big misunderstanding. You know, you’d actually like my brother, he’s kind of a chemist. Anyway, I was thinking I’d have thanksgiving here, and you are all invited.| Oh. I’ll be there.
 The bad news is, he says he’s getting deported.| What do you mean, he’s getting deported?
 Sorry. I lost my cool.| So, what’s going on?
 So, my visa’s only good as long as I’m employed at the university, and when they find out I’ve got squat, they’re going to cut me off. By the way, when I say squat, I mean diddly-squat. I wish I had squat.| So, wait, what have you been doing for the past six months?
 Oh, beefaroni. I think I’ll miss you most of all.| I’ve always been a little confused about this. Why don’t Hindus eat beef?
 That’s happy, right?| Yeah.
 You know, he’s British, I’m Indian, ever since Gandhi they haven’t liked us very much.| Wait, are you saying that he discriminated against you? Because we should file a complaint.
 I assumed as much. But never fear. Like the subordinate male protagonist in countless action movies who disappears half way through the second reel, I have returned to save the day. Odd, usually, he’s met by cheers. Anyway, I was thinking about exploring the string theory implications of gamma rays from dark matter annihilations, and it occurred to me that I could benefit…| Excuse me, Sheldon, how many reels before the subordinate male protagonist gets to his point?
 Ah, it’s nice having the place to ourselves, isn’t it?| Uh-huh. Now that Raj is working for Sheldon, I don’t have to chauffeur him around anymore. Plus, yeah, with them working late so much, we get some privacy.
 Mm-hmm. Hey, want to get a little crazy?| What are you thinking?
 Let’s slide over to Sheldon’s spot a make out.| You are a dirty girl.
 Hello.| Hi, Howard.
 Am I interrupting?| Little bit, yeah.
 Tonight’s the night I usually go line dancing with Raj at the palomino.| Uh-huh.
 Want me to leave?| You know, whatever.
 Leonard, honey, you don’t have to say thank you every time we have sex.| Oh. Okay. Tomorrow you’re going to get a card in the mail. Just throw it away.
 Top o’ the mornin’o ya!| What are you doing here?
 Do something.| Yeah, okay. Um, Howard, we need to talk.
 Sure. ‘sup, homes?| Uh, please understand that it’s not that we don’t want you around, but Penny and I occasionally need some alone time.
 Oh. I get it, I’m the third wheel. Sorry, I should have seen that. I’ll get out of your way. Uh, you’re gonna want to eat those eggs while they’re still hot.| Thank you. There’s lox and cream cheese in the fridge, the bagels are in the oven, I was warming them up.
 Ill just hang out with my mom. That’s always fun.| Good.
 Are we terrible people?| I don’t know. What do you want me to do?
 Get him, bring him back.| Are you sure?
 Yeah.| Okay. Howard come back.
 All right, Raj has played his phantom warlord card, and I am going to back him up with my strangling vines. Choke on that, sucka.| Okay, well, then I’ll just cut your vines with my ruby sword. That’s right, I did it. I cut ’em.
 Um, I have a question.| Warlord beats troll, troll beats elf, elf beats water sprite, and basically everything beats enchanted bunny.
 Are we going to talk or are we going to play Mystic Warlords of Ka-ah?| Just play a potion card.
 It doesn’t matter. You can’t possibly win.| Sheldon, don’t ruin the game.
 Given the cards that have already been played, Penny can only be holding necromancer potions, which are only effective against wraiths and day-walkers, and there are no more of either left to be drawn. The cards remaining in the undrawn stack are four fire weapons, a troll, two ogres and the jewel of Osiris.| See? Ruined.
 From your vantage point, it certainly must seem so.| Sheldon has kind of a photographic memory.
 Really? Oh, great. I mean, aw. Okay, I gotta go.| Why?
 Ba-eye.| See ya. Still can’t believe she’s going out with me.
 That reminds me, I have a bone to pick with you.| What?
 You and I made a pact that if either of us ever got a hot girlfriend, that person would have his girlfriend hook the other guy up with one of her girlfriends.| Yeah, I don’t remember that.
 June 30th, 2004. Opening day of Spider-man 2 at the AMC Pasadena. They only had red icees, no blue.| Oh, yeah.
 So you’ve been with Penny for like a month and a half now. Where’s my shorty, Morty?| Howard, you can’t hold me to that.
 Why not?| Because when I made that agreement, I didn’t think I’d ever have a hot girlfriend. And I was positive you never would.
 I’m sorry, no.| But you have a whole bunch of ’em.
 So, have you talked to Penny yet?| No, I haven’t.
 Why not?| Because I’ve been busy, because I haven’t figured out a way to bring it up, and mostly, and I can’t stress how key this is, because I don’t want to.
 Leonard, a pact is a pact. You have to get Penny to fix me up.| It’s not that simple. What am I supposed to say? Penny, do you have any friends you’d like to never hear from again?
 Leonard, come on.| Fine. I’ll ask if she has a friend for you.
 A hot friend.| Right.
 And tall. I want our kids to be able to ride space mountain before they’re 20.| I’ll see what I can do.
 Leonard, help.| Are you kidding? I couldn’t even talk him into giving me one of his freakin’ napkins.
 Wow, you really are a genius.| Not really. I googled how to do that. So, listen, have you ever made a pact with someone?
 You mean, like a pinky swear?| Okay, fine, like a pinky swear.
 Well, in the first grade, my friend Rosie and I made a pact to marry Bert and Ernie. You know, from Sesame Street?| Yeah, I’m familiar with Bert and Ernie.
 Then we found out we both wanted Ernie. We didn’t speak again until middle school.| Over puppets?
 The heart wants what the heart wants, Leonard.| Okay. Speaking of what the heart wants, um, a long time ago, I made a pact with Wolowitz that kind of involves you.
 Okay, I don’t know where you’re going with this, but tread carefully because it may be the last conversation we ever have.| No, no, nothing like that. The deal was that if either of us ever got a girlfriend, we’d have her fix the other one up with one of her friends.
 And you thought a good time to bring this up be right after sex.| Well, I sure as hell wasn’t going to bring it up before sex, and during, I was trying to remember what I read on google, so…
 I’m not hooking Wolowitz up with one of my friends.| Come on, it doesn’t have to be a good friend. And you know that deep down inside, Howard’s a really nice guy.
 The problem isn’t what’s on the inside. It’s the creepy candy coating.| Will you at least think about it? Just as a favour to me?
 Six if you count Klingon.| Girls don’t count Klingon, Howard. Right?
 I’m kidding.| Another delightful surprise for her.
 No.| Gonna be a long night.
 Yeah, well, it’s your fault.| I had to ask. You didn’t have to say yes.
 Okay.| Long, long night.
 Of course it did.| How about that? Einstein was wrong.
 What?| Approaching the speed of light doesn’t slow down time. Approaching them does.
 Hey, guys. What you doing? Going out to discover electricity?| If you’re referring to the work of Benjamin Franklin, he did not discover electricity, he merely used a kite to determine that lightning consists of electricity. He also invented the Franklin stove, bifocals and the flexible urinary catheter. Kites, ho.
 If you’re referring to the work of Benjamin Franklin, he did not discover electricity, he merely used a kite to determine that lightning consists of electricity. He also invented the Franklin stove, bifocals and the flexible urinary catheter. Kites, ho.| We’re heading out for some kite fighting.
 Kite fighting?| Oh, yeah. It’s an extremely competitive, cutthroat sport.
 Well, actually, the risk of throat cutting is very low. On the other hand, severe string burn is a real and ever-Present danger.| You want to come watch?
 Oh, gee, sounds amazing, but, um, I’ve got some friends coming over. Not a big thing, we’re just gonna watch the Nebraska game.| Oh. Football, sure.
 I would’ve invited you, but I know you’re not a football fan.| No, no, I’m not, so, great. You’ve got plans doing something you like, I’ve got plans doing something I like, so it’s good.
 Well, maybe we’ll hang out later, you know, after everybody’s gone.| Yeah, great.
 See ya.| Well, this sucks.
 Wolowitz is trying to outflank us. Let out some string, add altitude and I’ll go under and cut his line.| Why wouldn’t Penny want her friends to meet me?
 Focus, Leonard, focus! The heat of battle is upon us, the dogs of war are unleashed.| Maybe Koothrappali’s right, maybe I embarrass her.
 You’re embarrassing me right now, a grown man worrying about such nonsense when in the middle of flying kites.| Sorry.
 Oh, please, you weigh 80 pounds. You don’t have a hammy.| So, Penny doesn’t want me around her friends, I embarrass her. What else could it be?
 Well, her actions could be out of concern for your feelings. Perhaps she’s excluded you from these gatherings because she’s scouting for a new mate and doesn’t want to do it in front of you.| Oh, how kind of her.
 Hi.| How was your football party?
 It was pretty good. We won.| Oh, that’s excellent. It’s a weird figure of speech, isn’t it, we won when you weren’t
 I’m glad to hear it.| Oh, hey, on a related subject, are you embarrassed to have me around your friends?
 Oh, my god, no. Why would you ask that?| Well, you know, I just noticed I haven’t really met any of them.
 Sure you have.| Well, yeah, no, I met the huge ex-boyfriend and the smaller yet still larger than me ex-boyfriend. Were they here today?
 Of course not.| Of course not. Why would they be? Why would I ask? Why am I rambling? Why don’t you stop me?
 Leonard, look, if you want to meet my friends, that would be great. I just, you know, I didn’t want you to be bored.| I wouldn’t be bored. Why would I be bored?
 Well, ’cause they’re not genius scientists.| Penny, I like all sorts of people. In fact, some of my best friends aren’t geniuses.
 Like who?| Okay, some of my Facebook friends aren’t geniuses. My point is, if we’re going to be a couple, I should be friends with your friends.
 Okay, great. Well, then why don’t you come over next Saturday and watch the game with us.| Another football game?
 They have them every week.| Did not know that.
 You wanted to meet my friends.| Sure, sure, just I don’t know much about football.
 Oh, that’s okay, a lot of the guys’ girlfriends don’t know football. They just kind of drink and talk in the kitchen.| Great.
 Really? The only thing I’ve learned in the last two hours is that American men love drinking beer, pee too often and have trouble getting erections.| Focus on the game, not the commercials, Raj.
 It’s not a little scooter. It’s the second biggest Vespa they make! Are you watching football?| There’s no fooling you. Now, what is this sacks statistic they put up there?
 All I know about Saks is, my mother shops there.| Sacks, sacks…
 It’s football nomenclature for when a quarterback is tackled behind the line of scrimmage.| Huh… Scrimmage…
 The line of scrimmage is the imaginary transverse line separating the offence from the defence.| Oh.
 Sheldon knows football?| Apparently.
 I mean, Quidditch, sure. But football?| Sheldon, how do you know this stuff?
 I grew up in Texas. Football is ubiquitous in Texas. Pro football, college football, high school football, peewee football, in fact, every form of football except the original, European football, which most Texans believe to be a Commie plot.| Unbelievable.
 If you’re interested, I also know all about frying meat that isn’t chicken as if it were chicken.| So you could teach me?
 Football or chicken-fried meats?| Football. I’m going to Penny’s on Saturday to watch a game with her friends and I don’t want to look like an idiot. I want to blend in.
 If you want to blend in with Penny’s friends, I’d think looking like an idiot would be the perfect camouflage.| Come on, Sheldon, please teach me about football. It’ll be fun.
 That’s exactly what my father said. Come to the games, watch the games, week in and week out from the time I was five until I went off to college. Longest seven years of my life.| Please, I’m asking you as a friend.
 Are you making this a tier one friendship request?| Yes.
 Fine.| I really appreciate this.
 Yeah, yeah. All right, Poindexter, sit down, shut up and listen.| I’m sorry?
 When I have enough to destroy all the human toast on the battlestar known as Galactica. Is that what you’re wearing to watch football at Penny’s?| What’s wrong with a football jersey?
 Nothing. That, however, appears to be a football cocktail dress.| I’s the smallest size they had, except the one for dogs. I can’t believe they had one for dogs.
 Oh, yes. Canine football fans are a common sight in Texas. Cats, however, refuse to wear sporting apparel. My sister found that out the hard way.| Anyway, wish me luck.
 Leonard, wait. Am I correct in assuming that your attempt to be accepted by Penny’s peers is based on your desire to ensure your continuing mating privileges with her?| Well, I wouldn’t put it exactly that way.
 How would you put it?| Yeah, okay, like you said.
 Huh. Seems like an awful lot of trouble to go through for intercourse. Don’t you have access to women who will do it for money? By the way, another accepted usage for the term ho.| Good-Bye, Sheldon.
 Hold on I believe that social convention dictate you not arrive empty-Handed. Would you like to bring some Cylon toast?| Yeah, no, I’m trying to fit in, not get laughed at.
 Sweetie, that’s a highlight from the ’98 championship game.| Oh. Did not know that.
 How much beer have you had?| None, why?
 Oh. I was just kind of hoping you were drunk. Now we’re back live.| Okay, yeah. I can see the difference.
 Totally.| That completely was a forward pass, which they threw intentionally incomplete to avoid loss of yardage or to conserve time. I can’t believe they’re not being penalized with the loss of a down and by having to move the line of scrimmage back to the spot of the foul.
 Here, have some pizza, sweetie.| Penny, you know I’m lactose intolerant.
 So Leonard, how goes the mimesis?| Mimesis?
 You know. Mimesis. An action in which the mimic takes on the properties of a specific object or organism. Mimesis.| What the hell are you talking about?
 I’m attempting to communicate with you without my meaning becoming apparent to those around you. Let me try again. Have the indigenous fauna accepted you as one of their own? Nudge, nudge, wink, wink.| Oh, I guess so.
 Good. Oh, FYI. After I eat my sandwich, I’m taking Koothrappali’s Patang kite out for a test run. Would you like to get your delta-wing raptor and join me?| I don’t want to fly kites, Sheldon. We’re watching football here.
 I can see that. I was providing you with an alternative. A courtesy I was never offered in similar circumstances.| Oh, look at that. The Oklahoma coach has thrown down a red flag indicating he’s challenging the ruling on the field. I hope he’s right, ’cause if he’s not, it’ll cost him one of his three time-Outs.
 You know, Leonard, honey, I wouldn’t mind if you wanted to go fly kites with Sheldon.| No, I’ll watch the end of the game. Besides, there’s only three minutes left.
 Until half time.| This is just half? We’ve been here for hours.
 And you’re gonna be here for a couple more.| Oh, you’re kidding me.
 No.| Nice meeting all of you.
 Oh, Research Lab is more than a game. It’s like the slogan says, the physics is theoretical, but the fun is real.| We must not be playing it right.
 You’re a natural at this, Penny. And as the first beta testers, you two’ll have quite the edge when we play with Wolowitz and Koothrappali on Sunday.| Oh, gee, Sheldon, I don’t think we can play on Sunday.
 Why not?| Because of the reasons that Penny will now tell you. Penny?
 Actually, I have to pick up my friend Justin from the airport.| There you go, she has to pick up her friend Justin at the airport, aAnd I can’t play ’cause I’m going with her, right?
 Um, yeah, if you want. I mean, there may not be room. He’s got a lot of stuff, like guitars and amplifiers.| Wait. What are you talking about?
 Pay attention, Leonard. That’s why she can’t play on Sunday.| Who is this Justin?
 I told you about him.| No, you didn’t.
 Come on, Leonard, if you roll a six, Penny dies horribly in a nuclear meltdown. See what I mean when I say the fun is real?| Hang on. Some guy is going to be sleeping on your couch?
 He’s not some guy. He’s my friend.| So by friend, do you mean friend friend, gay friend, or ex boyfriend who you’re now platonic with but still might have a thing for you friend”?
 Well, he’s definitely not gay.| Oh, a definitely not gay musician sleeping on my girlfriend’s couch. Yippee.
 Okay, we went out a little bit, a long time ago, but we were never like going out.| Okay, not to be pedantic, but the last I checked went out was in fact the past tense of going out, which I think we all know is a popular euphemism for saw each other naked.
 Do you have a problem with Justin staying with me?| What was your first clue?
 You know what? Don’t talk to me like I’m an idiot.| I’m not talking to you like you’re an idiot! I’m saying the whole idea is idiotic!
 It’s also your roll.| You know what? It is your life. If you want to have some stupid guitarist stay on your couch, then fine. Why don’t you just rent some bunk beds and invite The Black Eyed Peas?
 Hey, if I want to invite the entire line up of Lollapalooza to sleep in my apartment, I will, and it’s none of your business!| Are you listening to yourself? Do you know how childish you sound right now?
 Oh, now I’m a child? Well, at least I’m not an idiot anymore!| The two aren’t mutually exclusive!
 Sheldon, just stop, look, the fight is over. Oh, and FYI, you never even heard of The Black Eyed Peas until you met me!| I heard of ’em. Didn’t know they were a band. Sheldon, she’s gone. You can turn off the blender.
 Has your relationship reached its inevitable ugly end?| No, we just had a little spat.
 Hey, I thought of a game we can play in the car.| I don’t want to play a game, Sheldon.
 It’s called Scientists. Now, I will name three scientists, then you will put them in order of the size of their contribution to their respective fields. To make this game even more compelling, you must consider only the contribution of the man to the field, not the validity of the field itself. For example, Abu Musa Jabir ibn Hayn made a greater contribution to the discredited field of alchemy than Halbert Vanderplatt made to neurobiology. Okay, ready to have some fun?| An old boyfriend who’s definitely not gay. That’s what a guy likes to hear, definitely.
 All right, I’ll start with an easy one, um, Isaac Newton, Madame Curie and Niels Bohr.| And then I say one little thing and I end up being the bad guy!
 Hint, Madame Curie had her husband to help her.| What am I supposed to say? Sure, Penny, I’m cool with your old boyfriend sleeping in your apartment. Well, Leonard, it doesn’t matter if you’re cool or not because I’m Penny and I’m pretty and I can do whatever the hell I want! Oh, I get it! You think you’re doing me a favour just by being in a relationship with me! No, no, Leonard! I’m doing you a favour just by being in the same room as you!
 Leonard! Stop the car!| What?
 Come on, come on, we’re late.| Calm down, we’ll make the movie.
 Hey.| Hey. We’re, uh, going to the movies.
 No, we’re not. We’re standing in the hallway, suffering through an awkward encounter.| Hang on. They’re showing a new digital print of Time Bandits, you wouldn’t want to come, would you?
 All right, invitation pointlessly offered, invitation declined as expected, everyone’s civil, nobody’s fighting. Have a nice evening.| Just give us a minute.
 Oh, take all the time you need.| So, are we going to talk about last night?
 Are you ready to apologize?| No.
 E-e-e-e-eh! Wrong answer, but thank you for playing.| Oh, come on. This is stupid.
 Oh, there it is again! You think I’m stupid!| No, there’s a difference between being stupid and acting stupid.
 Oh, yeah? well, there’s a difference between being a jerk and being an ass!| No, there isn’t! They’re synonyms!
 Hey, guys. What’s going on?| Oh, we need to kill a couple hours till the next showing of Time Bandits.
 Oh, well, no problem. I was thinking of closing early and going home, but let’s face it, that’s just a slightly smaller lonely room filled with comic books.| Thanks, Stuart. Let me ask you something. Do you think it’s okay for Penny to have an ex-boyfriend sleep on her couch?
 No, I mean, she’s obviously way out of line.| Thank you!
 But if she dumps you, she’ll have a new boyfriend by tomorrow morning and you’ll have a new girlfriend when you figure out how to build one. So the only question is, how long until you fold?| I am not going to fold.
 Oh, good, you’re home. I need you to do me a favour.| Sure.
 Go apologize to Penny.| What?
 I hear you don’t like my stuffed animals, my driving or my punctuality.| What? Who would tell you something like that? Why would you tell her something like that?
 It doesn’t matter why he told me. It’s true, isn’t it?| Okay, yeah, it’s true, but I can live with that stuff. What I can’t live with is you casually informing me that some guy’s going to be staying in your apartment without even asking me first!
 That isn’t even your problem, the problem is you don’t trust me!| Oh, come on. Sheldon, have you ever once heard me say that I don’t trust Penny? Sheldon? Where did he go?
 Oh, your yelling must have freaked him out again.| Where are you going? You just walk away in the middle of an argument?!
 No, I’m going to go find your damn roommate before he hurts himself trying to cross the street or something!| Why didn’t you say so?
 Oh, now I need your permission for that, too?!| Well, I can’t read your mind, Penny!
 Hey, why don’t you just let me find him while you sit there hitting your imaginary brake?| The brake might be imaginary, but that stop sign you just ran wasn’t.
 What stop sign?| Eyes on the road. Eyes on the road!
 Yeah, he’s, uh, over in the graphic novel section. Built himself a little nest.| Thank you.
 All right, what’s going on?| It’s a little hard to explain. He does this thing where he pretends he’s in an alternate dimension that occupies the same physical space we’re in, but he can’t perceive us.
 Really? Where’s your friend Justin going to sleep?| Yeah, where’s he gonna sleep?
 Okay, you can have that one.| Oh, come on, he’s just going to play with it twice, and then it’ll end up in his closet with all the other junk.
 How much time do we have?| Uh, t-minus five hours, 37 minutes to onset of meteor shower.
 Anything yet?| Uh, we have a signal, but there’s no frame lock.
 Alright, let’s see what’s on the east coast feed.| Oh, hey. Dune.
 Not a great movie, but look at that beautiful desert.| Too bad Sheldon couldn’t come with us.
 Oh, menopause, nature’s birth control.| Come on, you guys can’t be that hard up.
 Look, they gave me homemade cookies.| Of course, they did. That’s what grandmothers do.
 Yeah, thank you. Mmmm.| Mmmm, not bad.
 The meteors don’t get here, the earth is moving into their path.| I can feel it. I can feel the earth moving. It’s moving too fast. Raj, slow it down.
 Okay, how’s that?| Better. Thanks.
 Stars are pretty, aren’t they?| What’s so funny?
 If I could speak the language of rabbits, they would be amazed, and I would be their king.| I hate my name. It has nerd in it. Len nerd.
 I would be kind to my rabbit subjects. At first.| You know what’s a cool name? Angelo. That has angel and jell-o in it.
 One day, I hold a great ball for the President of France, but the rabbits, they hate me and don’t come. I am embarrassed, so I eat all the lettuce in the world and make them watch.| People could call me Angie. Yo, Angie, how’s it goin’?
 Anything?| No. That was the last pudding cup.
 No! What about Slim Jims?| That’s what he used to eat his pudding, remember?
 Wait. Wait, wait. So you’re saying we’re out of food?| The only thing in here are blue ice packs.
 I know they’re poison, but they look like big, yummy otter pops.| Oh, god, I am so hungry.
 Me too. Check and see if we have any more pudding.| Okay.
 Oh, I’m so hungry!| Will you shut up? We’re all hungry.
 Okay, our objective is the boy scout campsite to the east. Easy target. Big doughy scout master, couple of cubs, most webelos.| What kind of score are we looking at?
 Hot dogs, buns, s’mores, I mean, it’s a freaking 7-11.| All right, everyone grab flashlights.
 Oh, my god, could it be? Yes! My mother put an I love you brisket in my backpack.| Quick, get forks.
 He’s right.| I feel like we’re forgetting something important.
 What exactly does that mean?| He struck out.
 Actually, I’ve never had three dates with the same woman.| With Penny and me, it took two years. Now that I think about it, that was three dates.
 Okay, well, before you and Penny hooked up, did she ask for any kind of commitment?| No, she was pretty clear about wanting to keep her options open.
 I see. Now, are we talking date, the social interaction, or date, the dried fruit?| Never mind, what’s your announcement?
 Why are you such a stupid head? That is also rhetorical. I’m sorry you had to hear that.| Are you really going to be on NPR?
 Yes, they’re interviewing me by phone from my office, regarding the recent so-called discovery of magnetic monopoles in spin-ices. It’s pledge week and they’re trying to goose the ratings with a little controversy.| Very cool, congratulations.
 Yes. Look this over and tell me what’s unclear to you.| You know, when Sheldon gives you homework, you don’t have to do it.
 Hi, guys.| Hey.
 Are you high?| You’d have a better shot with the three-breasted Martian hooker from Total Recall.
 Hey, just because you settled doesn’t mean I have to.| Excuse me, I’m sitting here.
 Hey, I did not settle for Leonard. I mean, obviously, he isn’t the kind of guy I usually go out with, you know, physically.| Again, I’m right here.
 My point is, I do not judge a book by its cover. I am interested in the person underneath.| I am here, right? You see me.
 I was humiliated on national radio. How do you think I’m doing?| Come on, it wasn’t that bad.
 I thought it was funny.| Raj.
 Did you laugh?| I fell on the floor. All right, he got you, you can get him back.
 You can’t sink. With all that helium in you, you’re lucky you don’t float away.| Are you really admitting defeat?
 I never admit defeat.| Good.
 However, on an unrelated topic, I am never getting out of this bed again.| What if you could make Kripke look even sillier than he made you look?
 I don’t think that’s possible, dude.| You’re not helping.
 I didn’t come to help, I came to mock.| Sheldon, what you need to do is figure out a way to exact vengeance on Kripke, like, uh, like, how the Joker got back at Batman for putting him in the Arkham Asylum for the Criminally Insane.
 Well, I suppose I could poison Kripke.| No, no.
 It’s a simple matter. There are several toxic chemicals that’d be untraceable in an autopsy.| Okay, uh, that’s the spirit, but, um, let’s dial it back to a non-lethal form of vengeance.
 Oh! How about we put awhoopee cushion on his office chair? He’ll sit down, it’ll sound like he’s flatulent, even though he’s not.| Let’s keep thinking.
 Yes, exactly.| This is brilliant, Sheldon. How are we going to deploy it in Kripke’s office?
 You flatter me, sir.| Let me guess, motion sensors?
 Here comes Kripke!| Who is that with him?
 I believe that’s the president of the university.| And the board of directors. Abort! Abort!
 Wow. Looks like the Ganges on laundry day.| At least they don’t know it was you.
 Leonard, she’s doing it again.| I think it upsets Sheldon when you play with the food.
 Leonard.| It upsets Sheldon when you play with the Sheldon.
 Leonard, Penny, you know my girlfriend Bernadette.| Yeah. Hey.
 I hope it’s all right, I told my girlfriend Bernadette she could join us for dinner.| Sure. The more, the merrier.
 Wait, no, that’s a false equivalency. More does not equal merry. If there were 2,000 people in this apartment right now, would we be celebrating? No, we’d be suffocating.| Sheldon…
 Oh, sure. And while we’re at it, why don’t we put our hands behind our backs, have an old-fashioned eating contest?| Relax, it’ll be fine, sit down, you guys.
 Why not?| That’s where Sheldon sits.
 So, Leonard, Howard says you’re working on fundamental tests of quantum mechanics.| I am. Are you interested in physics?
 Oh, I find it fascinating. If I hadn’t gone into microbiology, I probably would have gone into physics. Or ice dancing.| Actually, my tests of the Aharonov-Bohm quantum interference effect have reached an interesting point. Right now, we’re testing the phase shift due to an electric potential.
 Are you going to try to set up the voltages using tunnel junctions?| Yes, I am. You want to see a simulation on my laptop?
 Hi.| Hey, look, it’s Howard and his girlfriend Bernadette.
 He doesn’t mean salt mines. He means where he works.| Yeah, no, I got it.
 So, how’s your experiment going?| Ah, terrific. We’re getting the electron accelerator set up. We should be ready to go day after tomorrow.
 Boy, I’d love to see that.| You’re welcome to come.
 Inviting my girlfriend to come see your electron accelerator?| Yeah? So?
 Wow! You really are a piece of work. It’s not enough you get the prom queen, you have to get the head of the decorating committee, too?| What are you talking about?
 Don’t play innocent with me. I practically invented using fancy lab equipment to seduce women.| Has it ever worked?
 Not so far, but that’s not the point!| Howard, relax, I’m not interested in your girlfriend.
 I hope not, because you don’t want to mess with me. I’m crazy.| I believe you.
 Okay, I got a bone to pick with you.| What did I do now?
 I was in bed with Bernadette, and you text-blocked me.| What?
 We were completely naked, about to devour each other when, you text her that I have a problem with her hanging out with you.| You do have a problem with her hanging out with me.
 Yeah, but that’s not what you tell her.| What was I supposed to tell her?
 I don’t know, something that doesn’t make me come off as a petty, jealous douche.| And what would that be?
 No, you didn’t. You said Leonard’s experiment was stupid.| You told her my experiment was stupid?
 I was just repeating what Sheldon said. Let’s not get off topic, Bernadette, I need to apologize. I was wrong to tell you who you should be friends with.| Should I, um, leave you two alone?
 No, Leonard, you should hear this.| Okay, good, ’cause I wasn’t really gonna go.
 Look, I know I come off as confident and worldly, but the truth is I’m not.| We’re shocked.
 Which is why I tend to feel threatened by other guys.| Or loud noises, clowns and nuns.
 But I now realize how foolish that is.| He had a panic attack once when he got his head stuck in a sweater.
 It was a full turtleneck. Why aren’t you helping me?| I don’t know. Maybe because I’m crazy?
 What do you think, Leonard? Should I give him another chance?| It’s up to you. He didn’t call your experiment stupid.
 Come here, tushy face.| Tushy face, that is going on Twitter right now.
 Raj, you should’ve seen Leonard’s experiment. The interference pattern was so cool when the electron beam was on.| I’m glad you enjoyed it. Most people aren’t that interested in what I do.
 No, on the contrary. I found the Grinch to be a relatable, engaging character, and I was really with him right up to the point that he succumbed to social convention and returned the presents and saved Christmas. What a buzz kill that was.| When we watch Frosty the Snowman, he roots for the sun.
 I just love decorating the Christmas tree. It makes me feel like a little girl again.| We didn’t have a tree when I was growing up.
 Really? Why not?| Mmm, in my family, holidays weren’t so much celebrated as studied for their anthropological and psychological implications on human society.
 Oh, sounds festive. Did you at least give presents?| Mmm, in a way. We presented papers, and then broke off into focus groups and critiqued each other.
 Wait, excuse me, but it’s much more Christmassy than anything you’ve put on the tree.| Here we go.
 December 25, 1642, Julian calendar, Sir Isaac Newton is born. Jesus, on the other hand, was actually born in the summer. His birthday was moved to coincide with a traditional pagan holiday that celebrated the winter solstice with lit fires and slaughtered goats. Which, frankly, sounds like more fun than 12 hours of church with my mother followed by a fruitcake.| Merry Newton-mas, everyone.
 No. Isaac goes at the top of the tree.| No, he doesn’t.
 I understand. You dispute Newton’s claim that he invented calculus and you want to put Gottfried Leibniz on the top.| Yeah, you got me. I’m a Leibniz man.
 What? Your… your mother’s coming? When?| Tomorrow.
 When were you going to tell me?| Um, tomorrow?
 Why were you keeping this a secret?| Well, I just, I thought…
 Why wouldn’t she approve of me? I’m adorable.| You are, it’s just…
 Hey, it’s a big menu. There’s two pages just for desserts.| I know. And those specials, they change every day.
 Okay, you know what? It’s lame when I say it, it’s just ridiculous when you pile on.| Okay, sorry.
 So what did she say when you told her we were going out?| Um…
 You didn’t tell her we were going out, did you?| Um…
 Why not?| Um…
 No trouble at all.| I drove, Mother. I’m driving now.
 My pleasure. For a non-physicist, you have a remarkable grasp of how electric dipoles in the brain’s water molecules could not possibly form a Bose condensate.| Wait, wait, wait. When did you send my mom notes on a paper?
 It is, isn’t it?| Wait, wait, wait. You had surgery?
 Yes, and Sheldon sent me flowers.| No, I heard that.
 Then what was all that wait, wait, wait about?| I just don’t understand why he knows more about your life than I do.
 Yes, but we are on the subject, so I’m obliged to ask, Leonard, how are you?| Fine, Mom. How are you?
 Mmm, menopausal.| Now I’m less fine.
 Have you heard your brother has gotten engaged?| No. Sheldon, why didn’t you tell me?
 She’s a remarkable girl. The youngest appeals court judge in New Jersey and a two-time Olympic bronze medallist.| You must be very happy.
 Well, I’m not sure about interesting, but…| Not the time, Sheldon.
 Honest to God. Leonard, tell her I have a girlfriend.| I don’t know what you’re talking about.
 What do you mean you don’t know what I’m talking about? Tell her I have a girlfriend!| All right. He “has” a “girlfriend.”
 Classic overcompensation. Oh, speaking of fathers, Leonard, that reminds me, I’m divorcing yours.| What?
 Yes. He was cheating on me.| No!
 No, it sounded like a compliment.| When did this happen?
 Oh, yes, that’s right. The weekend after Leonard’s dog died.| Mitzy’s dead?
 She was old and blind, Leonard. What choice did we have?| I don’t believe this. Why am I the last to know?
 Excuse me, Leonard, I am the one who’s getting a divorce, Mitzy is the one who is dead. Why are you the one making a fuss?| You’re right. I’m-I’m-I’m-I’m sorry, I’m way out of line!
 I didn’t make tea for you. This is my tea.| Then why are you telling me?
 It’s a conversation starter.| That’s a lousy conversation starter.
 Oh, is it? We’re conversing. Checkmate.| What do you want, Sheldon?
 What I want is to be departing the Starship Enterprise in a one-man shuttle craft headed to the planetoid I rule known as Sheldon Alpha Five.| I want that too. Why are you here?
 To comfort you, of course. No, that’s not going to work at all, I’ll comfort you from over here. Leonard, what you’re experiencing is a classic Jungian crisis in which the aging individual mourns the loss of the never-to-be realized ideal family unit.| Thank you, that’s very comforting.
 That’s not the comforting part.| It’s not?
 No, no. The comforting part is that the Germans have a term for what you’re feeling. Weltschmerz. It means the depression that arises from comparing the world as it is to a hypothetical, idealized world.| You’re right, I do feel better.
 Well, the Germans have always been a comforting people. Just remember, Leonard, where your biological family has failed you, you always have me, your surrogate family.| You’re my surrogate family?
 Get out here! Your mommy wants to talk to you!| What the hell is going on?
 Yeah, not bad, not bad.| Are you guys drunk?
 What the hell happened to lovely and charming?| How come you didn’t tell me that you and Father were getting a divorce? How come you didn’t tell me you had surgery? How come you didn’t tell me my dog died?
 Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. What I hear you saying is that you want a more intimate mother-son relationship.| I do.
 You’re very welcome.| Once again, I’m driving. I’m right here.
 I blame Penny, too. Bad Penny.| Wait a minute, what are you talking about? What inappropriate behaviour?
 Agreed.| What the hell, agreed.
 You’re welcome. She doesn’t have much in the way of career prospects, don’t make her responsible for her own orgasms as well.| Mother, remember when I was complaining that you don’t communicate with me enough?
 Yes, dear.| I’m over it.
 I don’t understand. What other kind of women are there?| Howard, artificial women are your department. You want to take this?
 No, it would just freak him out. Listen, before we leave, I should warn you, I’m a passionate man and I tend towards public displays of affection.| What are you trying to tell me, Howard?
 There might be some making out in the car or the restaurant, and I don’t want Bernadette to feel uncomfortable, so it would help if you and Penny made out, too.| Don’t worry. We’re planning to have sex right on the salad bar.
 Well, then what are we going to do tonight?| Uh, sorry, Raj. Howard and I are going out to dinner with Penny and Bernadette.
 Yeah, no more carefree bachelor nights for me and Leonard. These broncos have been saddled.| How did we get actual women?
 Well, the last big thing I did was this production of Diary of Anne Frank above a bowling alley. But I think things might be turning around pretty soon.| Great. How come?
 Well, promise you won’t make fun of me.| Of course, I would never make fun of you.
 She’s not one of those phonies, okay. She wrote a book and has her own Web site.| Oh, gee, why didn’t you say so? They don’t let just anyone have a Web site.
 Why are you being such a jerk?| You’re surprised? Your psychic didn’t tell you I was going to be a jerk?
 Ha-ha, bite me.| Come on, Penny.
 Oh, we don’t need to talk about that anymore. Leonard covered it pretty well in the car.| I’m sorry, but facts are facts.
 Right, and if you can’t understand it, it’s not a fact.| No, if it’s not a fact, it’s not a fact.
 Oh, got it. Thank you for educating me.| You’re welcome. How’s your fish?
 Amazing. Would you like to try some?| Yeah, sure.
 Well, the fact is, you can’t.| Come on, Howard, Bernadette, you’re both scientists. Help me out here.
 Sorry.| Maybe we should just stop talking about this.
 Had a great night last night. I don’t like to kiss and tell, but somebody made it to eighth base.| What the hell is eighth base?
 Seventh base with shirt off. Well, my shirt. How’d things go with Penny?| Oh, couldn’t be better.
 Are we taking our relationship frustrations out on innocent Cylons?| It’s not just Cylons. Superman’s next.
 All right, I was going to try to squeeze in a little more mocking before lunch, but I can come back later when you don’t have a high-powered weapon.| How can I go out with a woman who believes in psychics?
 Hey, I once dated a girl who believed she was abducted by aliens.| And that didn’t bother you?
 Au contraire. It meant she was gullible and open to a little probing.| What am I supposed to do, pretend I believe something I don’t whenever I’m with Penny?
 Hey, I’m sure Penny fakes all kinds of things when she’s with you.| Do me a favour, lean over, put your head right here.
 Wow, that’s all you got after you were the most obnoxious person on a double date that included Howard Wolowitz?| No, I’m sorry. I really am. It’s not right to mock what a person believes in.
 Thank you. Would you be willing to go to my psychic and see what it’s all about?| Would you be willing to read a book that concisely explains how all psychics are frauds?
 I would not.| Okay, let’s go see your psychic.
 Really?| Well, yeah, one of us has to keep an open mind.
 You saying I don’t have an open mind?| No, not at all. Let me help you with this stuff.
 You know, I believe in ghosts, too.| Great.
 And astrology.| I know, and pyramid power and healing crystals.
 Oh, no, no, no, crystals don’t work.| Really, that’s the line? Psychics are real, but crystals are voodoo?
 Oh, dear Lord, they re-did the menu.| So what? It’s the same food.
 So, why is it no longer a specialty? Did the chef lose confidence in the dish or himself? And look over here, shrimp in mobster sauce. What is mobster sauce?| It’s obviously a typo.
 It doesn’t mean any of that! It’s a typo.| You know what? Let’s just get a pizza.
 You know, the more I think about it, the mobster sauce couldn’t possibly contain chunks of mobster.| And why is that?
 It was listed under seafood.| What if they were mobsters who slept with the fishes?
 The TV is gone.| So are our laptops.
 They took our TV, two laptops, four external hard-drives, our PS2, our PS3, our X-Box, our X-Box 360, our classic Nintendo, our Super Nintendo, our Nintendo 64 and our Wii.| We like games.
 In anticipation of their arrival, I’ve bagged some evidence. One of the thieves had the audacity to quench his thirst while ransacking our home. You should be able to pull some good prints off this. And now, here are my prints so you can rule me out as a suspect.| What about me?
 I’m sorry, Leonard. It’s too early to discount the possibility of this being an inside job.| Would I be completely out of line to ask you to shoot him?
 Oh, my goodness. Where do I begin? For instance, my laptop contained four out of the five gedanken experiments necessary for a cogent restatement of the quantum measurement problem.| How is that going to help them?
 Good night, fellas. Come on, Bochco.| What are we supposed to do now?
 The only thing we can do. Watch TV on our phones until the criminals return and bludgeon us to death in our sleep.| Does that mean you’ve ruled me out as a suspect?
 Nothing. Just wanted to see if you were both okay.| We’re fine, Sheldon.
 Good night. That was weird, even for him.| Mm-hmm.
 I see you’re drinking wine.| Yes, we are. And we’re about to go to bed.
 Oh, as small as Leonard is, I don’t think the two of you’d be comfortable on the couch.| What do you want?
 It’s not what I want, it’s what evolution wants. Human beings are primates. Primates have evolved to live in groups, both for protection and support.| But you don’t like other people.
 I do tonight. It’s scary over there.| It’s getting scary here, too.
 Um… three little kittens? Three little pigs? God, I don’t know. Star Wars?| Did we win? Can we go to bed?
 Good Lord, I could not have made this easier. Hydrogen atom, H, plus pigs minus pea, Higgs. Bow, General Zod trapped in the Phantom Zone. Bow-zone. Pear. Tickle. Pear-tickle. Higgs Boson Particle. How could you not get that?| He’s right, Penny. It’s all there.
 All right. I’ll take the first watch and wake you at 0400.| Great. Good night.
 Wait, wait, what’s 0400?| 4am.
 What if someone kidnaps me, forces me to record my voice, and then cuts off my thumb?| I’ll send them a basket of muffins.
 Now, inside, we’ve got motion detectors, infrared sensors, and cameras connected to a server running state-of-the-art facial recognition software.| Where did you get all this stuff?
 I got a buddy over at the Department of Defence.| He just gave it to you?
 Oh, my…| God, Sheldon. What the hell are you doing out there?
 I heard a noise.| It was us. We knocked over a lamp.
 Why would you knock over a lamp?| We were going to have…
 Good thinking. Perhaps I’ll check the perimeter and make some warm milk.| Great, you do that.
 Would you like me to bring you some warm milk?| I’m lactose intolerant.
 Fine. Good night to you, sir. Miss.| Sorry about that.
 My new computer came with Windows 7. Windows 7 is much more user-friendly than Windows Vista. I don’t like that.| Don’t you think looking for a new city to live in is a bit of an overreaction?
 Is he quitting his job at the university?| Oh, no, he’s going to telecommute. Everybody’s really excited about it.
 It will take me a few days to get settled. After I do, I will e-mail you detailed PDFs containing diagrams and instructions that will guide you through packing and shipping the rest of my possessions to Bozeman, Montana. In the meantime, please forward my mail.| Any place specific or just the Bozeman, Montana Loony Bin?
 I am moving on. I’m going to be a Bozite.| They call themselves Bozites?
 Oh, sorry, sweetie, I can’t help you till I’ve had my coffee.| Penny, I told you if you don’t put him in his crate at night he just runs around the apartment.
 What is he doing now?| Mmm, he’s either isolating the terms of his formula and examining them individually, or looking for the alligator that swallowed his hand after Peter Pan cut it off.
 Captain Hook’s hand was eaten by a crocodile, not an alligator. If you’re going to mock me, at least get your facts straight.| Aye, aye, Captain.
 I can’t see it! It just won’t coalesce.| Maybe you need a fresh start.
 How long has he been stuck?| Intellectually about 30 hours. Emotionally about 29 years.
 Have you tried rebooting him?| No, I think it’s a firmware problem.
 Oh, that’s perfect. Bernadette’s been hocking me to take her roller skating.| I think Penny likes to skate. The four of us could double.
 Boy, he’s really gone, isn’t he?| Yeah, this morning he used a stick of butter as deodorant.
 Pattern is the same as fermions, travels on the pathways, hexagonal, it’s always hexagonal…| I haven’t seen him this stuck since he tried to figure out the third Matrix movie.
 But if I don’t eat my lima beans, I can’t have my cookie.| Here, you want my peas?
 Don’t be ridiculous. What would I do with corn?| So roller skating, should we all grab a bite to eat first?
 Good. P.F. Chang’s? My mom has coupons.| Great. Your mom’s not coming, right?
 For me, the worst part was when people saw us leave with them.| You had some nice moves out there, Howard.
 Thanks. You, too.| Yeah. Did you notice all the people looking at us?
 Shh.| Sorry. I’m moving a little slow. I think I bruised my coccyx.
 Oh, poor baby.| Don’t tell Koothrappali. After you.
 Oh, damn.| Are you okay?
 Do I look okay?| Don’t bark at me. I fell, too.
 Toad of truth? Is that a physics thing?| No, that’s a crazy thing.
 Oh, all right.| That was amazing how you handled him.
 Leonard, you’re… you’re giggling in your sleep.| It’s not me, it’s my new ringtone. The Joker from Batman.
 Well, it creeps me out.| Me, too, but I paid three bucks for it.
 Just answer the phone.| Hello. Yeah, I’m Leonard Hofstadter. Yeah, yeah, he’s my roommate. Oh, God, is he okay? Yeah, alright, alright, I’ll be right there.
 What happened?| Sheldon’s escaped and is terrorizing the village.
 Ball pit.| Thanks for not calling the cops.
 Oh, hey, it’s no big deal. My sister’s got a kid who’s special.| Yeah, well, he’s extra special. Hey, Shelly. What you doing?
 Size ratio was all wrong. Couldn’t visualize it. Needed bigger carbon atoms.| Sure, sure. How did you get into this place?
 Back door has a five-pin tumbler system, single-circuit alarm. Child’s play. You can start sorting protons and neutrons while I build carbon atoms.| No, I don’t think so. We need to go home now.
 But I’m still working.| If you don’t come out of there, I’m going to have to drag you out.
 I have good news.| And you had to barge in here and wake us up in the middle of the night?
 Your cell phone was off.| Because we didn’t want to be disturbed.
 I came to tell you I’ve got the answer.| Really? You figured out the graphene problem?
 Hey, you know what, Leonard, I know I said I could handle your roommate, but I was wrong. We’re going to have to break up.| What are you talking about?
 Einstein.| Yeah, I’m going to need a little more.
 Albert Einstein.| Keep going.
 When Albert Einstein came up with special relativity, he was working at the patent office.| So, you’re going to go work at the patent office?
 Don’t be absurd. That’s in Washington. You know I could never live in a city whose streets are laid out in a wheel-and-spoke pattern. No. I’m going to find a similarly menial job where my basal ganglia are occupied with a routine task, freeing my prefrontal cortex to work quietly in the background on my problem.| Sounds like a great plan.
 Of course it is. Even talking to you is sufficiently menial that I can feel the proverbial juices starting to flow.| Okay, well, thanks for sharing with us. Good night.
 No, I wasn’t talking to Leonard.| Told you.
 All right, one bacon cheeseburger, breaking two Jewish dietary restrictions simultaneously, kudos. Beer-battered fish and chips. Now, here’s your tartar sauce. I also brought you salsa. It’s a little unconventional, but I think you’ll like it. It’s zingy. And for you, Factory Burrito Grande, no cheese, no sour cream, no ugly consequences from your lactose intolerance. Bon appétit.| Hang on. Black beans, not pinto beans?
 Yes.| Double guacamole?
 Of course.| No cilantro?
 Nope.| Lettuce shredded, not chopped?
 Yep.| You understand why I’m doing this to you?
 I do.| That’ll be all. That was fun.
 How long can he keep this up?| I heard about this professor at MIT who melted down, bought a van, and spent the rest of his life as a mobile dog groomer.
 He never went back to the university?| Only to shampoo Professor Chambourg’s shih tzu.
 But he’s afraid of dogs.| Yeah, that’s the only thing wrong with that plan.
 Hey, guys, sorry you had to wait, but we are swamped. What’s this?| Sheldon took our order.
 Sheldon doesn’t work here.| Well, honey, not to complain, but we were starting to think you didn’t either.
 Although, I’d be lying if I said it wasn’t a little bit of a perk.| Who’s miserable and alone?
 Me.| Oh. I used to be like that. Then I got a girlfriend.
 In pre-1976 terms, neener-neener.| Hey, what are you and Bernadette doing for your first Valentine’s Day?
 Fine, tell us you’re going to have sex with Penny.| That’s not what I was going to tell you.
 It’s okay. I don’t mind hearing about your sex life. It’s his that bugs me.| Guess who the university is sending to Switzerland to attend a conference and see the CERN supercollider on February 14?
 Professor Norton, although, God knows why. He hasn’t published anything of note since he won that Nobel Prize.| Actually, Professor Norton can’t make it. He threw his back out rock climbing.
 That’s the one.| In any case, they’re asking me to fill in for him.
 In Switzerland or with the big-boobed weather girl?| Switzerland. And I get to bring a guest!
 Why wouldn’t you take Penny?| I am taking Penny.
 Of course, my good friend. Come in. Help me out, which ski hat says après supercollider?| Sheldon, I’m not taking you to Switzerland.
 Well, of course you are. Who else would you take?| Penny.
 What? That’s absurd. Penny has no interest in subatomic particle research.| Yes, but it’ll be Valentine’s Day. We can go sightseeing and skiing and make love in front of a roaring fire in the shadow of the snowcapped Alps.
 But Penny has no interest in subatomic particle research.| I’m sorry, Sheldon.
 Sorry? I’ve been dreaming about going to the Large Hadron Collider since I was nine years old.| Yeah, well, I’ve been dreaming about spending Valentine’s Day with a girl since I was six.
 Okay, what’s the big surprise?| Just a minute. This tray contains clues as to what you and I are going to be doing on Valentine’s Day.
 Oh. Wow. Okay. Let’s see. We’ve got, uh, milk chocolate, Swiss cheese, fondue. My lactose-intolerant boyfriend is going to eat all this, then I’m going to climb on his back and rocket to the moon?| No. But it does involve air travel. Okay, um, let me slice this Swiss cheese with my Swiss army knife, and then you can wash it down with a cup of Swiss Miss instant cocoa.
 Okay, I’m starting to think Swiss is key here.| Uh-huh.
 We’re going to Disneyland and ride the Matterhorn?| How does that involve air travel?
 We’re going to Disney World and ride the Matterhorn?| No.
 Okay, sweetie, this started out fun, but I’m over it.| We’re going to Switzerland to see the CERN supercollider! And ski. We’ll also go skiing.
 We’re going skiing in Switzerland?!| Well, you’ll ski, I’ll fall, but, yeah, we will be in Switzerland for Valentine’s Day.
 Rabeliechtli. It means turnip light and refers to a traditional lantern hand-carved from a root vegetable and used to celebrate certain Swiss festivals. Which you will not be celebrating because, A, these festivals occur in the fall, and B, you will not be going to Switzerland.| Sheldon, we’ve been through this. I’m taking Penny.
 Afraid not. Do you recognize this?| Not the roommate agreement.
 Indeed, the roommate agreement. I call your attention to the Friendship Rider in Appendix C, Future Commitments. Number 37, in the event one friend is ever invited to visit the Large Hadron Collider, now under construction in Switzerland, he shall invite the other friend to accompany him.| Oh, for God’s sakes.
 You actually put that in an agreement?| Yeah. We also put in what happens if one of us wins a MacArthur Grant, or if one of us gets superpowers, or if one of us is bitten by a zombie.
 No, that seemed a little farfetched.| Sheldon, do you really expect to enforce this?
 Okay, I know I shouldn’t ask, but what is…?| No.
 Is that your final decision?| It is.
 All right. This game is called Traitors. I will name three historical figures, you put them in order of the heinousness of their betrayal. Benedict Arnold, Judas, Dr. Leonard Hofstadter.| You really think I belong with Benedict Arnold and Judas?
 You’re right. Judas had the decency to hang himself after what he did.| Come on, Sheldon. Can’t you at least try to understand how much this means to me?
 Round two, Leonard Hofstadter, Darth Vader, Rupert Murdoch.| Rupert Murdoch?
 Not much. Nuked a burrito. Prayed to the Hindu god Urvashi that your bowels would loosen and your penis would droop like a willow tree.| You seen Sheldon?
 No. Is he still mad about the supercollider?| Yeah. He thinks I betrayed him. I mean, come on, what would you guys do if you were me?
 I’d take Sheldon to Switzerland.| Seriously?
 What the hell is that?| Uh, let’s see. Yup, 30 pieces of silverware.
 Morning, old chum.| What’s going on?
 I’ve made you breakfast. Juice, coffee, and pancakes in the shape of some of your favorite fictional characters. See, here’s Frodo.| You made Frodo pancakes?
 Yeah, I used coconut shavings to do the hair on his feet. If you need to void your bladder before eating, I can keep them warm with this beret that I thoroughly laundered and pressed into service as a pancake cosy.| Why are you doing this?
 It’s by way of an apology for my recent behaviour. I’ve had some time to reflect and I’ve come to realize that friendship is not an aggregation of written agreements. It’s a result of two people respecting and caring for each other. Butterscotch scone?| Thanks. It’s good.
 What you’re tasting is respect and affection. And about a pound of Crisco. After you’ve finished breakfast, I thought we could spend the day watching the final season of Babylon 5 with director commentary.| You hate Babylon 5.
 I do. It fails as drama, science fiction, and it’s hopelessly derivative. But you like it, and you’re my friend.| Okay, great. Still not taking you to Switzerland.
 No, no, no, I’m going to have a me day. First I’m going to go to one of those spas in Koreatown, take a steam and get a massage. Then I’m going to stop at a pet store and get licked by puppies.| Sheldon, I need to talk to you.
 All right, my friend. Would you like some cholermus?| Some what?
 Cholermus. It’s a traditional Swiss breakfast dish. I’m preparing my gastrointestinal system for the exotic cuisine of Switzerland.| You’re not going to Switzerland!
 Oh, but I am. Didn’t Penny tell you the good news?| She told me that you went behind my back to guilt her into letting you go instead of her.
 Yes, that good news.| Well, forget it. I was the one who was invited, I get to decide who goes with me, and it’s Penny, not you!
 Howard, could you lower the lights? I have a short PowerPoint presentation.| I don’t need to see your presentation. This discussion is over!
 That’s a somewhat ambiguous response. Am I going or not?| Sheldon, at this point, I would go by myself before I would take you.
 Really?| Yeah, really.
 Well then, you leave me no alternative. From this moment forward, we can be roommates, but we will no longer be friends.| I’m sorry you feel that way.
 I don’t think you’re fully aware of the ramifications here, Leonard.| Why don’t you enlighten me?
 I know! I went shopping today and bought special undies for the occasion.| Thermal? ‘Cause it’s gonna be cold.
 Think it through, Leonard.| Oh!
 No, no, it’s probably just allergies.| Do you want an allergy pill? ‘Cause I have ’em all. Prescription, nonprescription, foreign, domestic, experimental.
 Do any of them work?| Not really, I’m just an enthusiast.
 Did that sound okay to you? Do not come in here!| What’s going on?
 I’m having a tea party. What do you think’s going on? I think I might have the flu. Or the plague.| Well, our plane leaves at 9 a.m. Do you think you’ll feel better by then?
 Oh, my goodness, look at this room! Champagne! Roses! Oh, and little chocolates! This is going to be the best Valentine’s Day ever.| Yeah, I forgot about all this.
 Yeah, right, there’s nothing more awesome and frightening than a man who’s got music blasting from between his nipples.| Hey, Stuart, what’s going on?
 Oh, I don’t want to know that! How can I possibly discuss with Stan Lee the scientific foundations for interstellar flight on a silver surfboard when part of my brain will be scanning his face for signs of contagious skin disease?| Stan Lee does not have a contagious skin disease.
 Why don’t you keep that stuff in the bathroom?| He does. And in the kitchen. And in the car. And in his pocket.
 Hi!| Hey. Guess who’s going to be at the comic bookstore on Thursday?
 Um, can you give me a hint?| Stan Lee.
 Um, Stanley, Stanley, Stanley Tucci?| No, no, Stan Lee.
 Oh, oh, Stan Lee! Cool!| You have no idea who he is, do you?
 Of course I do. You’re an important part of my life and I pay attention to the things you are interested in.| Good, good, so, who’s Stan Lee?
 Um, he was on Star Trek.| Nope.
 Star Wars?| No.
 Um, uh, Stan Lee, oh, he was in those goofy kung fu movies you love so much?| That’s Bruce Lee.
 Yes, yes, look, and now you have a photo to remember that heroic day.| It’s not that big a deal. You just go down to the court on Thursday and you pay the fine.
 Now you see what you’ve done? Because of you, we’re all going to miss Stan Lee.| Whoa! What do you mean all?
 Well, you’re my friends. You’ll be standing by my side, supporting me, feeding me legal precedents, and if you had the upper body strength, carrying me out on your shoulders when I’m victorious.| Yeah, okay. No.
 Are you saying that you will not stand beside me as I plead my case?| That’s what I’m saying.
 I can’t wait to ask Stan Lee why he insists on giving all his characters first and last names that start with the same letter.| Oh, come on, why would you do that?
 Sheldon’s in jail.| Sheldon’s in jail?
 You called it.| For what?
 What do you think? For doing the same crap he always does, except to a judge. He has to stay in there until he apologizes.| So tell him to apologize.
 Oh, gee, thanks, Leonard. That didn’t occur to me. If he doesn’t apologize by 5 o’clock he is going to spend the night in jail.| Oh, no, that’s terrible. Ooh, the line’s moving. Got to go. Bye.
 We’re home.| Oh, hey, buddy. How’d it go?
 You know very well how it went.| Yeah, but we all want to hear it from you.
 Plus, you didn’t get to meet Stan Lee.| Okay, that’s enough, Howard. The poor guy’s had a tough time. He had to spend the entire afternoon in jail wearing that suit.
 He said we could call him Stan.| Except for Raj.
 Well, it’s very simple. In our ragtag band of scientists with nothing to lose, I’m the smart one, Wolowitz is the funny one, and Koothrappali is the lovable foreigner who struggles to understand our ways and fails. That leaves you, by default, as the muscle.| One more floor, and I’d be the pulled muscle.
 Why not?| Don’t panic, this is better.
 Yeah, sometimes I don’t listen, sometimes I just watch your jaw go up and down.| We were on our way to the Chinese restaurant when we thought we saw Adam West, so we followed him.
 My guess is, “Hey, four minutes! New record!” That’s why I’m the funny one.| Anyway, we followed the guy to this garage sale, and they had the coolest stuff.
 They were closing up. We got this whole box for sixty bucks.| We didn’t even get to go through it all. There could be anything in here.
 Okay, I’m just gonna go home and make a grilled cheese and window-shop on eHarmony.| Okay, bye.
 Okay.| Ooh, look, an Indiana Jones connect-the-dots.
 Fascinating.| What?
 It appears to be a Lord of the Rings ring.| Oh.
 One Ring to bring them all.| And in the darkness bind them.
 Listen, I was looking at the ring, and it seemed a little weird. No copyright notice on it. So, I took it down to this buddy of mine who deals with, shall we say, the seedy underbelly of the collectibles world.| Seedy underbelly?
 If you’re suggesting that that is the actual ring of power forged by Sauron in Mount Doom, I look at you with an expression of exhaustion and ever so slight amusement.| He’s not saying it’s a magic ring. You’re not, are you?
 Well, yes, but I found it in the box, and the laws of maritime salvage clearly state that the finder of a sunken treasure is the owner of the treasure.| How is this maritime salvage?
 It’s sad how great that sounds.| Guys, it’s stolen. It should go back to Peter Jackson. He made the movies, it belongs to him.
 Clearly, you’ve never been to my house for dinner on Rosh Hashanah.| We are not blackmailing Peter J… All right, where’s the ring?
 You mean my ring?| What are you doing?
 The ring was unguarded, it was just sitting on the table, anyone could have taken it. Proof? I did.| Give me that.
 I found it. The ring is mine. I don’t understand why in this group I never get my way.| You always get your way.
 Hey, guys. Enjoying your food that I actually brought you instead of promising food, but bringing you a box of random crap?| Yeah, it’s delicious, the sarcasm’s a little stale, though. Hey, how about this? Until we figure out what to do with the ring, Penny holds on to it.
 What ring?| This ring.
 Looking for something?| Will you hold on to this for a couple of days?
 Why?| It’s a prop from a movie, and we’re kind of fighting over it.
 If you had gone out with me three years ago, by now, you’d have my great Aunt Ida’s brooch that she smuggled out of occupied Belgium in a cat.| How am I looking now?
 Ow! You hit me! I’m bleeding!| What was that?
 Sheldon tried to take the ring and I punched him.| That’s my girl.
 Gentlemen, have you come to the realization that the only reasonable course of action is to sell the ring and divide the money?| No.
 Don’t answer that. I’ll get straight to the point. My client’s prepared to surrender any interest he has in the ring in exchange for two Kawasaki Jet Skis.| We’re not giving him two Jet Skis.
 Look, we’re big boys, why don’t we just cut to the chase and meet in the middle? One Kawasaki Jet Ski, done and done.| No Jet Skis.
 Okay, just so you know, if we’re bringing in cousins who are lawyers, prepare for shock and awe.| You know what? I am ending this. Penny didn’t want to hold the ring anymore. She gave it to me, I have it. I’m sending it back. Where’s the ring?
 You mean this ring? Next time be aware of your surroundings while urinating in a public men’s room.| Give me that.
 Then let go!| I’m not letting go, you let go.
 I say this ring belongs to the last person who can hold on.| Fine. But can’t we go home and start this?
 Sure. Let go of the ring.| All right, it starts now.
 You know, there’s a point when this becomes idiotic.| And it wasn’t when we were driving like this?
 I would advise the three of you that resistance is futile. I have endless patience. I once spent two-and-a-half hours on hold with Hewlett-Packard customer service just to complain about their customer service.| You want to talk about endless patience? Penny made me watch all five seasons of Sex and the City.
 There are six seasons, dude.| Oh, crap!
 Whatcha doin’?| Last one holding the ring decides its fate. I know, it sounds silly.
 No, no, no, no, no, no, you are my boyfriend. Nothing you do is silly to me.| Thank you.
 FYI, this is a bag from Victoria’s Secret.| I’m out.
 The fires of Mount Doom?| Peter Jackson’s office in New Zealand. It wasn’t ours.
 You quit the game! You had no right to take it.| I came in here, you guys were all sleeping. The ring was on the floor. No one was touching it.
 I knew it. Give us the precious!| NEVER!
 It amazes me how you constantly obsess over fictional details when there are more important things in the real world to worry about. For example, why wasn’t William Shatner in the new Star Trek movie?| Hey, Sheldon, I was up in the administration office, and I happened to overhear the name of the winner of this year’s Chancellor’s Award for Science.
 And you want to rub my nose in the fact that my contributions are being overlooked again? I am the William Shatner of theoretical physics. All right, I’ll play. What self-important, preening fraud are they honouring this year?| Oh, I’m so glad you asked it like that. You.
 I won?| You won.
 No.| Hey, you didn’t want a Slurpee at 7-Eleven, you don’t get glasses.
 I am perfectly comfortable speaking to small groups. I cannot speak to large crowds.| What, to you, is a large crowd?
 Thank you. Yeah, I’ll bear that in mind if I’m ever nominated for the Hillbilly Peace Prize.| Sheldon, you’re being ridiculous.
 Oh, my God.| Sheldon? Sheldon, are you okay?
 Just sit.| We think we can help you with your stage fright.
 Okay, your problem is, you’re trying to do this all by yourself.| We can help you. We can be your team. Like, uh, Professor Xavier and his X-Men.
 Did I see X-Men?| Yeah, we watched it last week. You said you liked it.
 That’s not exactly a mutation that would get you into Xavier’s School for Gifted Youngsters, but go on. Leonard?| I thought I could try to analyze you and get to the root of your anxiety.
 What qualifies you to attempt to understand my mind?| My mother is a highly regarded psychiatrist, and I’ve been in therapy ever since she accused me of breast-feeding co-dependently.
 That’s how you start a psychotherapy session? How am I doing? I was promised a riverboat journey into the jungles of my subconscious. Instead, I get the same question I hear from the lady who slices my bologna at Ralph’s.| I’m sorry, I’ll start again.
 Would it be helpful to you if I told you about my dreams?| Um, I don’t know, maybe.
 I recently had a dream that I was a giant. But everything around me was to scale, so it all looked normal.| How did you know you were a giant if everything was to scale?
 I was wearing size a million pants.| Why don’t we just talk?
 Ah, the talking cure. Classical Freudian, good choice. If it will help speed things along, uh, my answers to the standard Rorschach ink blot test are A, a bat, B, a bat, C, a bat, and D, my father killing my mother with a hypodermic needle.| Why don’t I just start? Sometimes people have trouble accepting accolades if, on a subconscious level, they don’t feel they deserve them. Do you think maybe that’s what’s happening here?
 Really, Leonard? You’re just going to try to recycle Adler’s doctrine of the inferiority complex? I could probably get that from the woman at Ralph’s. And she’d let me taste some pieces of cheese for free.| But it could be part of your problem. Let me give you an example. When I was eight, I won a ribbon at the science fair for my project, “Do Lima Beans Grow Better to Classical Music.” But my mother pointed out that it was just a rehash of my brother’s earlier “Do Lima Beans Grow Worse to Rock ‘n’ Roll.” I felt so guilty, I gave the ribbon back.
 And how did that make you feel?| Terrible. I worked really hard on that project. I stayed up all night singing the clown’s aria from Pagliacci to a lima bean sprout.
 Go on.| It wasn’t my fault. I had never seen my brother’s project. And my mother could’ve told me before instead of at the ceremony in front of everyone.
 So, I hear you saying you’re angry with your mother.| Damn right, I’m angry with my mother. For God’s sake, I was eight years old. She humiliated me. That’s when the bed-wetting started again.
 Thank you, Leonard.| For what?
 If someone as damaged as you can find his way to crawl out of bed each morning, I think I can face a simple award ceremony.| Wait, that’s it? I thought we had a whole hour!
 I’m ready.| Oh, right. Ladies and gentlemen, our guest of honour, Dr. Sheldon Cooper.
 Question one, where are my pants?| You might want to check YouTube.
 What do I search?| It’s already loaded. Just hit play.
 Oh, Lord, this couldn’t be any more humiliating.| Uh-uh, give it a minute.
 Having a little trouble catching your breath there?| No, no, I’m good. If my P.E. teachers had told me this is what I was training for, I would have tried a lot harder.
 Do or do not. There is no try.| Did you just quote Star Wars?
 I believe I quoted Empire Strikes Back.| Oh, my God. I’m lying in bed with a beautiful woman who can quote Yoda. I love you, Penny.
 Oh. Oh. Thank you.| You’re welcome. I just wanted to put that out there.
 Oh, yeah, no, I, I’m, I’m glad.| Good. Glad is good.
 Yeah. Yeah. No, no. Um. So, it’s getting pretty late. We should probably go to sleep.| Yeah.
 Okay.| Yeah.
 Hmm.| Yeah, probably.
 Okay, good night, sweetie.| Good night.
 You are ignoring the square-cube law. The giant ant would be crushed under the weight of its own exoskeleton. And for the record, the appropriate ranking of cool modes of transportation is jet pack, hoverboard, transporter, Batmobile, and then giant ant.| Seriously? You have nothing better to do than sit around and discuss the possibility of giant ants?
 Leonard, where do you stand on giant rabbits and scrotal position?| I honestly don’t care.
 Really? Because every time we’ve talked about unusual animal genitals, you’ve always had some pretty strong and controversial opinions.| What do you want from me? I just don’t give a rat’s ass.
 For the record, giant rats are possible.| Can we please talk about something else? Maybe something vaguely related to life as we know it on this planet?
 Maybe he’s having a lover’s spat with Penny.| No, there was no spat.
 Oh, but something happened.| I don’t want to talk about it.
 Did you think it would be funny to put on a pair of her panties and jump around, but it wound up just creeping her out?| What? No.
 Did you ask her to start waxing?| No.
 Did you start waxing?| No.
 While making love, did you accidentally spank your own ass and cry out Mommy?| I’m walking away from you now.
 Hi.| Oh, hey.
 Oh, right, bowling.| You don’t have to come if you don’t want to.
 Ah, beer. The magic elixir that can turn this poor, shy Indian boy into the life of the party. Oh, yeah.| Chilli cheese fry?
 Yes. I love chilli cheese fries.| Really? You love them?
 Yeah, why?| No reason. I’m just glad to hear you’re comfortable saying you love something.
 Do you really want to get into this right now?| Get into what? Why wouldn’t you love the chilli cheese fries? They’ve been in your life a long time. They make you happy. They deserve to know.
 Okay, look, you just caught me by surprise last night. I didn’t know what to say.| Okay, well, now you’ve had some time to think about it. So, what do you want to say?
 I’m not sure.| How can you not be sure?
 Okay, this isn’t the place to have this conversation.| No, the place to have the conversation was in bed after I said, I love you, and you said, Thank you, good night.
 Don’t push it, Leonard.| I am not pushing anything.
 I think we should talk now.| What? No, it’s okay. We don’t have to talk ’cause there’s nothing to talk about. Everything’s good.
 Really? So, you didn’t get all snarky ’cause I said something nice to a bowl of chilli fries?| All right, maybe I overreacted. So we’re in two different places emotionally. So what? And maybe I’m a little ahead of you. That’s fine. You know. In fact, it makes sense, ’cause let’s face it, I’ve been in this relationship two years longer than you.
 Look, Leonard, you have to know how much I care about you. It’s just that I’ve said the L word too soon before, and it didn’t work out very well.| Really? I wouldn’t know what that’s like.
 I’m sorry. You know what I’m talking about, though.| Yeah, I do.
 So, we’re good?| Yes, that’s what I’m telling you. We are good. We are great.
 I don’t get it.| Wesley Crusher was Wil Wheaton’s character on Star Trek.
 Hey, thanks.| This is fun, huh?
 Yeah.| It’s good that we got out and did something physical.
 Mm-hmm.| Gets us out of our heads. You get in your head, you start to overthink, overanalyze, obsess, you worry. That’s not what we’re doing tonight. Tonight we’re just throwing a ball at some pins.
 Yeah, that’s right.| Mm-hmm, and someday, we don’t know when, maybe you’ll love me back. Ooh, I’m up.
 Yeah, I got it.| We really need a strike here.
 I know.| So just take your time and concentrate.
 Leonard, stop pressuring me.| I’m not pressuring you.
 Yeah, you are! Just back off!| Okay, I’m sorry. I’ll shut up.
 I didn’t mean shut up.| Fine. Just tell me what to do, and I’ll do it.
 Wait! Where are you going? Penny, come back! I’ll get you ice cream!| No, let her go.
 Are you insane? If she leaves, it’s over!| I’m pretty sure it’s already over.
 What’s wrong with you? You can’t hang out with your roommate’s ex. That’s totally uncool.| No, no, it’s fine. I don’t care. I’m over it.
 Well, usually I’m on the team that picks last. Unless there’s a kid in a wheelchair.| Sheldon, I got you your tangerine chicken. I hope you’re hungry.
 Well, of course I’m hungry. And as I have no plans to eat with any other team, I will consume my tangerine chicken with the appropriate gusto. Mm, mm, mm!| Okay.
 Just out of curiosity, do we still have hot dogs?| I don’t know. Why?
 Jews don’t have hell. We have acid reflux.| Do you want the last dumpling, Sheldon?
 Certainly. It’s not like I have to moderate my food intake because I’m planning on eating again very shortly. Mm, mm, mm!| So, you guys want to do something tonight?
 Nah, I can’t. I got to pick up my mom from her water aerobics class. 18 overweight women flapping their arm fat in a swimming pool. Looks like the manatee tank at Sea World.| What about you, Raj?
 Oh, there it is, now that you don’t have a girlfriend, you want to hang out with me again.| I never stopped hanging out with you.
 Excuse me, I’m thirsty, so I’m going to go to the refrigerator and get myself a refreshing beverage.| You know what? I’ll just spend the evening alone.
 Ah, I do so love beverages. Now I think I’ll take my after-dinner walk.| Since when do you take after-dinner walks?
 Hey, Leonard?| Yeah?
 I haven’t had sex in a year.| Where you going with this, Raj?
 Don’t flatter yourself, dude. I want to go out and meet a woman.| So, go.
 Well, I need a wingman. I don’t want to come off like a lonely loser.| And you think my presence will help with that?
 Well, I do. Next to you, I’ll look like a catch.| I’m not going out tonight, Raj.
 All right. Would you mind if I went to your room and downloaded some Asian pornography?| Very much.
 Doesn’t have to be Asian.| Don’t worry. You’ll meet a girl someday.
 No, I won’t.| Yes, you will, and she’ll be beautiful, and kind and sexy and funny and everything you ever wanted in a woman.
 You really think so?| I do, and you’ll fall hopelessly in love and give her your heart. And she’ll take it and grind it into pathetic, little pieces.
 Look at this. Do you think she’s really doing that or is it PhotoShop?| I’m pretty sure Martha Stewart never got naked with a room full of big, fat Japanese guys.
 You don’t know that. Prison changes people.| Hey, where you been?
 I told you, walking.| For an hour and a half?
 I got lost.| How could you get lost? Your phone has GPS.
 I’m sorry. I misspoke. What I meant to say was my battery died.| What the hell was that about?
 I don’t know. Do you think this is really Hillary Clinton doing it with Oprah?| Oh, we really need to get you a girl.
 Thanks for seeing me on such short notice.| What do you want, Sheldon?
 Maybe this isn’t a good time.| Tell me why you woke me up or I swear to God I will kill you.
 Do you really think death threats are an appropriate way to begin this conversation? Sometimes your lack of social skills astonishes me.| What do you want?
 You may want to sit down.| I’m in bed!
 Point taken. You may want to sit up.| Sheldon!
 I’ve been seeing Penny behind your back.| Okay, when you say seeing Penny, what exactly does that mean?
 We had dinner last night. She made me spaghetti with little hot dogs cut up in it. Well, little hot dog. I gave up the other five hot dogs to a real dog. A real, big dog. A hell hound. Tangential to the primary story. How about I circle back to it?| Fine. Why did you have dinner with Penny?
 I told you, she made spaghetti with little hot dogs. I like spaghetti with little hot dogs.| Then why did you have Chinese food with us?
 I didn’t want to upset you. Howard made it very clear that my allegiance should be to male comrades before women who sell their bodies for money.| Is it possible he said Bros before Hos?
 Yes, but I rephrased it to avoid offending the hos.| Sheldon, I don’t care if you want to be friends with Penny.
 Oh. Well, so the emotional turmoil that’s been keeping me from achieving REM sleep was entirely unjustified?| Yes.
 Well then as my meemaw would say, looks like we butchered a pig, but nobody wanted bacon.| I guess not.
 Oh, um, I, I can come back.| D-don’t be silly. We’re neighbours, we’re going to run into each other, may as well get used to it.
 Yeah, I guess you’re right.| You used to it yet?
 Nope.| Me neither. Oh, Sheldon seemed think that I would be upset about you hanging out with him. But I just want you to know it’s fine.
 Oh, oh, good, because, um, his mother called me.| His mother?
 Yeah, she wants me to take him shopping for sheets and towels.| I was going to do that.
 Oh, well, then you, you do it.| No, I don’t want to do it. You can do it.
 Okay, you can take him for shoes.| I just took him for shoes.
 Well, all I know is he says they hurt his feet.| Fine. I’ll take him for shoes next Saturday.
 Oh, no, no, no, a bunch of us from work are going to Disneyland next Saturday and Sheldon wants to come.| You’re taking him to Disneyland?
 Well, he heard me making plans on the phone. Was I going to say no?| All right. But let me know if you’re going to stuff him with junk food. I don’t want to bring home a nice dinner for him and see it go to waste.
 We’re going to Disneyland. He’s going to eat junk food.| All I’m saying is give me a heads-up.
 Okay, whatever.| And don’t let him go on Space Mountain after he eats. He’ll say he can handle it, but I promise you’ll end up with churro puke on your shoes.
 All right, got it. Is there anything else?| Yeah, don’t let Goofy near him. He’ll have nightmares and I’ll have to deal with it.
 What’s the problem with Goofy?| Wish I knew. He’s fine with Pluto.
 We’re home.| It’s ten o’clock, where have you been?
 We stayed for the California Adventure water show. It was pure Disney magic.| I was going to see that with him.
 It’s all right. I’ll see it again with you.| And I have food here. You said you were going to call.
 Okay, but just don’t fight| We’re not fighting.
 Just go.| Aren’t you going to thank Penny for taking you to Disneyland?
 You’re welcome, sweetie.| Want a cup of coffee?
 Oh, um, I should probably get going.| Come on. It’s just a cup of coffee.
 He’s such an angel when he’s asleep.| Yeah. Shame he has to wake up.
 I think we can do it.| Smother Sheldon in his sleep? Wouldn’t that be wrong?
 No, be friends. You and me.| Oh. Sure. Absolutely.
 Good. I’m glad.| Here’s an idea. I’m just throwing it out there, friends who have sex.
 Good night, Leonard.| Kidding. Just a couple of friends goofin’ around.
 Oh, Leonard, I have something for you. Per our roommate agreement, this is your 24-hour notice that I will be having a non-related female spending two nights in our apartment.| When you say non-related female, you still mean human, right?
 Yes. And until you acquire a surgical mask, please address your comments to me through a napkin. We’ve been corresponding for years about our mutual interest in gravitational wave signatures of inflatons in the early universe. And now she’s under consideration for a position at our university.| Why didn’t you tell me you knew Elizabeth Plimpton? I am a huge fan of hers!
 I didn’t realize I was obligated to share my connection with things you’re a fan of, but very well. You enjoy Canadian bacon. I’ve been to Toronto.| Okay, fine. Where is she going to sleep?
 Yes. Bazinga. Leonard?| Thank you. Why is a world-renowned scientist staying in our apartment instead of a hotel?
 When I’ve seen two consecutive negative throat cultures spaced 12 hours apart. You know the drill. All right, if you’ll excuse me, I am off to start a prophylactic course of antibiotics.| I can’t believe he’s friends with Elizabeth Plimpton.
 Oh, good grief. This isn’t about you. Coming! Now listen, one of the great minds of the 21st century is about to play host to one of the other great minds of the 21st century. So pay attention. Years from now, my biographer might ask you about this event.| Oh, I have so many things to tell your biographer.
 I would imagine it is. This is my friend and roommate, Dr. Leonard Hofstadter.| Hi-lo. Oops. I started to say hi, and then I switched to hello in the middle. It came out hi-lo. Duh. Uh, it’s nice to meet you. I’ve read both your books and most of your papers. I’m Leonard, I live
 No need to apologize. Some of my best friends are experimental physicists. Well, not my best friends, but I know them. My best friend is a molecular chemist named Wendy. I’m sorry, I’m rambling. Hi-lo.| Are you hungry, thirsty? Can I offer you anything?
 Excellent. If the yogurt works, I bought some delightful scented candles.| Look, it’s you.
 Thank you so much for opening up your home to me.| Well, who wants to stay in a hotel? With windows that don’t open, those crazy card-shaped keys.
 No, he doesn’t understand. I understand.| Well, I understand, too.
 All right. I guess I am tired. Good night, Leonard.| Uh, sleep night. I mean, obviously, good night. I started to say sleep tight, then I changed my mind in the middle. I swear to God, I’m smart.
 I saw your light on.| Is everything all right?
 Yeah, I just couldn’t sleep.| Me neither. Oh, look what I’m reading. It’s you.
 I thought you already read it.| I did, but it’s been a while, and I wanted to sound smart over breakfast.
 Aw, you’re smart.| Oh, good. Wasn’t sure it was coming across.
 What chapter are you on?| Uh, six.
 Oh, the extragalactic distance ladder. Want to know a little secret?| Sure.
 I wrote the section on the Wilson-Bappu Effect completely naked.| Really? Uh, sure doesn’t read that way.
 Vocal test. Morning vocal test. Second vocal test. Second morning vocal test.| Morning, Sheldon.
 Excuse me, I’m going to relieve myself.| How do you take your coffee?
 Black.| Okeydoke.
 Leonard, Penny wants to exploit any residual feelings you have for her in order to get a ride to work.| Oh, yeah, sure, let me just put this in a travel mug.
 Excuse me.| Okay, well, I guess I should get dressed so I can take everyone to work. You and Sheldon and Sheldon’s friend, Dr. Plimpton, who you just met. It’ll be fun. Like a clown car.
 Hang on.| Hmm? Yeah? What? Huh?
 We just broke up.| What, uh, you and me? Yeah, we did. Not too long ago. How are you doing with it?
 Not as good as you apparently.| I, um, I don’t follow.
 You know what? It’s, it’s none of my business. If you want to sleep with Sheldon’s doctor buddy right after we stopped seeing each other, go for it.| Well, now…
 That’s preposterous. Tell her, Leonard.| Well…
 No.| Come on. It wasn’t my fault.
 You know what? I’m just gonna take the bus to work.| Penny, I can still drive you.
 I must say, I’m shocked by this betrayal.| I didn’t betray Penny.
 Not Penny, me!| How am I betraying you?
 Elizabeth’s my friend, and you’re playing with her!| Yeah, I guess I did.
 Relax, it’s Nyquil.| You still have a cold?
 Maybe, but I don’t care. That’s the great thing about Nyquil, it’s like ten-percent booze. I call it the nighttime sniffling, sneezing, coughing, so you can talk to girls medicine.| Are you having trouble sleeping? ‘Cause, boy, I was up all night.
 Did you get a cold, too?| No, but I was awake all night.
 She doesn’t know she takes them.| No, that’s okay. It was something else keeping me up last night. And again this morning. And, I didn’t mind. I was up last night. I was up this morning. I didn’t mind. Those are your clues.
 Ooh, ooh. Did the pigeon on your windowsill have more babies?| No.
 Were you up making another stop-motion Lego movie?| No.
 ‘Cause let me tell you, it’s not enough to make the Legos move, they also have to capture your heart.| Okay, I’ll give you one more clue. It involved another person.
 And of course, you’ve already introduced yourself to Dr. Hofstadter.| Hey, you.
 Hey, you.| Boy, I’m kind of tuckered out. How are you feeling, Elizabeth?
 You know what? I am a little tired. Would you be a dear and get me a cup of coffee?| Sure. Black, right?
 Actually, now I think I want it hot, brown and sweet.| Coming right up.
 I was waiting for the right time. This is the right time.| Hey, who’s ready for Halo?
 He’s right. The numbers are shaky enough as it is.| I don’t understand.
 Good?| Elizabeth? What’s going on?
 What’s going on is you and Howard are my moving men and Raj is my new landlord and I don’t have enough money to pay any of you.| Is she suggesting what I think she’s suggesting?
 Run. Run, run, run. Don’t look back.| I thought we had something special.
 Oh, Leonard?| Hey.
 I found these in the dryer. I’m assuming they belong to Sheldon.| Thanks. It’s really hard to find these in his size. So, listen. I’ve been meaning to talk to you about the other morning.
 You mean you and Dr. Slutbunny?| Yeah, I wanted to explain.
 Well, you don’t owe me an explanation.| I don’t?
 No, you don’t.| So you’re not judging me?
 Oh, I’m judging you nine ways to Sunday, but you don’t owe me an explanation.| Nevertheless, I’d like to get one on the record so you can understand why I did what I did.
 I’m listening.| She let me.
 Hang on.| Can I sleep on your couch tonight?
 Uh, well, you can try, but the people across the hall are being very noisy.| You heard that, huh?
 Apparently, the one fella tried to adjust the thermostat, then the other fella went bat-crap crazy.| So you agree, he’s nuts.
 Well, not as nuts as the guy who chooses to live with him.| Believe it or not, he was worse when I met him.
 So Sheldon’s last roommate tried to warn you off?| For all I knew, he was the crazy one. He had this really deranged look.
 No, you want the crazy guy across the hall.| In retrospect, that was clue number two.
 Why on earth did you agree to all that?| It was the best apartment I’d seen, the rent was very reasonable and after you’ve passed the first three barriers you kind of want to take it all the way.
 Oh, my God.| Do I get some sympathy now?
 A little bit. Okay. Let me get this straight. You move in with this guy, he makes you sign a ridiculous roommate agreement, then he walks into your bedroom while you’re doing this Joyce Kim, and you still stay?| Actually, I couldn’t get too mad at him about Joyce Kim.
 Why not?| Well, I was doing some government research at the time, you know, military, rocket fuel. It’s kind of secret.
 What does that have to do with Joyce Kim?| As it turns out, she was a North Korean spy. Luckily, Sheldon drove her out before I revealed anything important. Which I’m not saying I would have.
 So, what, that’s it? You’ve stayed with Sheldon all this time because he kept you from going to federal prison?| That was part of it. The other part is what happened with the elevator.
 Okay, how do you know he said that? You left the room.| Hey, do you want me to finish working on your man feet or not?
 So, why was it his lucky day?| Well, it turns out I had a little rocket fuel in the apartment.
 What were you doing with rocket fuel in your apartment?| Mm, Joyce Kim was kind of curious about what I did for a living, and I was going to kind of show it to her. It’s not important. The point is, the guys and I went back to the apartment.
 Okay, so, basically, you’re the reason I have to walk up and down three flights of stairs every day?| So I did something stupid. I’m sure you did stupid things when you were younger. What were you doing seven years ago?
 Oh, Ubuntu, you are my favourite Linux-based operating system.| Hey.
 Hello. Why do I smell methacrylate?| Oh, uh, clear nail polish. I had a mani-pedi. Men can get those. Anyway, I may owe you an apology.
 There’s doubt?| I did agree to the thermostat setting, and I shouldn’t have tried to change it.
 That’s not an apology, simply an acknowledgement that I was right.| Okay, I’m sorry.
 There you go.| So, we’re good?
 Good what?| Never mind. Okay if I watch some TV?
 I should’ve brought an umbrella.| What for? It’s not going to rain.
 One of my best, don’t you think?| Howard, do you want to double-check the equatorial mount on the laser? We need it locked onto the Sea of Tranquility.
 Leonard, Leonard. What is that? What is that?| Relax, it’s just a dirty sock.
 How on earth can you say dirty sock and relax in the same sentence?| Sheldon, the world is filled with dirty discarded socks.
 Not my world.| Hey, you know who’d really dig seeing this experiment? Penny.
 Why don’t you ask her to come up?| I don’t know, it’s still a little weird since, you know…
 She dumped you?| She didn’t dump me. We were just in different places in the relationship.
 Oh, it’s very simple. Leonard was living in a little town called please don’t leave me, while Penny had just moved to the island of bye-bye.| Screw you guys. I’m gonna go see if she’s home.
 Oh, hi. What’s going on?| We’re up on the roof bouncing laser beams off the moon.
 I’m sorry, what?| It’s pretty cool. We’ve got a two-meter parabolic reflector and everything. I thought you might want to see it.
 Hey.| Oh, sorry, I didn’t know you were busy. Maybe another time.
 Oh, right.| Okay, well, yeah, come on up. So, how’d you two guys meet?
 My company designs the menus for the Cheesecake Factory.| Your company?
 Well,, my dad, but me and my sister are VPs.| So, menus.
 Well, mission accomplished.| Let me explain what we’re doing here. Um, in 1969, the astronauts on Apollo 11 positioned reflectors on the surface of the moon, and we’re going to shoot a laser off one of them and let the light bounce back into this photomultiplier.
 One question. How can you be sure it won’t blow up?| The laser?
 See, now this is a man for Penny.| Uh, that’s a great question, Zack.
 Well it’s not a great question. How could somebody possibly think we’re going to blow up the moon? That’s a great question.| Don’t worry about the moon. We, we set our laser to stun.
 Smart.| Now, we’ll be able to see the beam when it leaves, but it won’t be strong enough when it comes back to be seen by the naked eye.
 Naked.| Right. Uh yeah, funny. Uh, that device there will measure the photons that return and let us see it on this computer. Raj, get them some glasses.
 There it is. There’s the spike!| 2.5 seconds for the light to return. That’s the moon! We hit the moon!
 That’s your big experiment? All that for a line on the screen?| Yeah, but, uh, think about what this represents. The fact that we can do this is the only way of definitively proving that there are man-made objects on the moon, put there by a member of a species that only 60 years before had just invented the airplane.
 No, it’s not… Never mind. He is right, though. If you want, I can turn you on to this great new dating site I found.| No, thanks.
 You sure? They say they can find a match for anybody.| Have they found a match for you?
 I can’t bring the nitrogen tank down.| Why not?
 All right, let me restate that. It’s very heavy, and I don’t want to.| I’ll help you.
 Damn you, you rat bastard.| Are you drunk?
 Zack was a perfectly nice guy, and then you ruined him!| How did I ruin him?
 ‘Cause in the olden days, I never would’ve known he was so stupid.| Come on, he wasn’t that stupid.
 Yes, he was! He thought you were gonna blow up the moon!| Okay, yeah, he’s stupid.
 He spent the entire night bragging about how he invented the word appe-teasers.| How is that my fault?
 You have destroyed my ability to tolerate idiots. Now, come with me.| Where are we going?
 We’re gonna have sex.| Why? I mean, okay.
 Oh, God. That I’ve heard on multiple occasions. In what universe is that lightly toasted? This has to be the worst day of my life. Good morning, Leonard.| How many times have I asked you not to do that?
 Counting this instance? 317.| Where’s Penny?
 She returned to her apartment. I presume to shower and vomit. Not necessarily in that order.| I wonder why she didn’t say good-bye.
 Are you expecting me to offer an explanation of human behaviour?| I know. I just thought as an outsider, you might be able to provide a fresh perspective.
 Oh, hi. Um, I gotta run. Early shift.| Okay, I’ll walk down with you. So, last night was fun, huh?
 Yeah, it must have been. I just threw up in my closet.| Bummer. Anyway, I was thinking tonight maybe we could catch a movie.
 Oh, yeah, tonight’s not great for me.| Doesn’t have to be tonight. I’m free pretty much always.
 Leonard, last night was a mistake.| When you say mistake, do you mean a fortunate mistake, like the discovery of penicillin?
 Look, I’m sorry. I was drunk, I was lonely, I hated Zack. Can we just forget it ever happened?| No, it’s pretty well imprinted on my brain. Especially the whole rodeo thing.
 Oh, God!| So, that’s it? Wham, bam, thank you, Leonard?
 Look, I said I’m sorry. Can’t u please let it go?| How am I supposed to let it go? You used me for sex! Morning, Mrs. Gunderson.
 I’ll show you a picture of my Uncle Louie in a bathing suit sometime. Leonard, you gotta see this, we found a match for Sheldon.| Great. Maybe she can have sex with him, and then walk out on him the next morning without so much as a how do you do?
 Leonard, what are you talking about?| I don’t want to talk about it.
 Hello?| Oh, hi. Hey. Hi, Leslie.
 Leonard Hofstadter. What’re you doing here?| Uh, I know! It’s been a while!
 Yeah, 18 months.| Right. Right. So how you doing?
 Fine. You?| Uh, not bad. You remember when we used to have sex and you said that it didn’t mean anything, it was just for fun?
 Yeah.| Uh, do you, uh, want to do that again?
 What happened? Blondie dumped you?| She didn’t dump me. We were just in different places in the relationship.
 Right.| Um, anyway, apparently, it’s okay to go back to people you’re no longer seeing and have recreational sex with them.
 Uh-huh.| So, what do you say?
 Oh. Hey, Leonard.| I was a perfectly happy, geeky, little lonely guy, and you ruined me!
 Are you drunk?| Come on. We’re gonna have sex, and it’s not gonna mean a thing!
 Are you out of your mind?!| I’m really starting to think there’s a double standard here.
 And now the kung pao chicken.| Alright.
 Today, it’s a Chinese food retrieval robot. Tomorrow, it travels back in time and tries to kill Sarah Connor.| I don’t think that’s going to happen, Sheldon.
 Oh, it’s not bad. Kind of hungry.| Yeah, we all are.
 Who’s Amy?| His girlfriend.
 How long has this been going on?| Four months.
 Yes, exactly. Consequently, if Amy and I choose to bring new life into this world, it will be accomplished clinically, with fertility experts in a lab with petri dishes. Which reminds me, you have broad hips and a certain corn-fed vigour. Is your womb available for rental?| Still digging the Shamy?
 You know, there’s something I’ve always wondered about Aquaman.| Yeah?
 Where does he poop?| What?
 Yes. Now, help me!| I’d suggest a lubricant, but I have a feeling you fell on some of that as well.
 Please, before my mother walks in, just get this off me!| Okay, let’s see.
 No, no! Don’t touch, the program is paused.| Well, then let’s un-pause it.
 A-All right, um, how about this. When, when Winnie the Pooh got his head stuck in the honey tree, his friends all grabbed onto him and pulled and pulled.| You do what you want, I’m not touching another man’s honey tree.
 What? No saws! One circumcision was enough.| How about an acetylene torch?
 Okay, I can’t believe this needs to be said out loud. No pulling, no saws, no torches.| Well, then what do you want us to do?
 Yes, but that’s not the point! Get me out of here.| You have any ideas, Raj?
 Next time, take your own advice.| Excuse me, could you help us out?
 I’m sorry, we don’t have a code for robot hand grasping a man’s penis. Why is it hooked up to a computer?| Uh, it’s what controls the arm.
 I’ve decided not to procreate.| Yeah, yeah, great. Howard, uh, slow down. What do you mean it happened again?
 The humorous implication being that I am Wile E. Coyote?| Yes.
 And this is a schematic for a bird-trapping device that will ultimately backfire and cause me physical injury?| Yes.
 What I’m doing here is trying to determine when I’m going to die.| A lot of people are working on that research. So what is all this?
 My family history factoring in longevity, propensity for disease, et cetera.| Interesting. Cause of death for Uncle Carl was KBB. What’s KBB?
 Killed by badger.| How’s that?
 It was Thanksgiving. Uncle Carl said, I think there’s a badger living in our chimney. Hand me that flashlight. Those were the last words he ever spoke to us.| I don’t think you need to worry about death by badgers being hereditary.
 Not true. The fight or flight instinct is coded genetically. Instead of fleeing, he chose to fight barehanded against a brawny member of the weasel family. Who’s to say that I don’t share that flawed DNA?| You can always get a badger and find out.
 But seriously, even if I disregard the Uncle Carl factor, at best I have 60 years left.| That long, huh?
 60 only takes me to here. I need to get to here.| What’s there?
 The earliest estimate of the singularity, when man will be able to transfer his consciousness into machines and achieve immortality.| So, you’re upset about missing out on becoming some sort of freakish self-aware robot?
 By this much.| Tough break. You want eggs?
 You don’t get it, Leonard. I’m going to miss so much, the unified field theory,  cold fusion, the dogapus.| What’s a dogapus?
 A hybrid dog and octopus. Man’s underwater best friend.| Is somebody working on that?
 I was going to. I planned on giving it to myself on my 300th birthday.| Wait a minute. You hate dogs.
 What do we owe you?| It came to $28.17. Let’s say six bucks apiece.
 Here you go.| Thank you.
 What?| Never mind. I got it.
 Oh, you wanted me to pay.| It’s no big deal.
 Yeah, but you wouldn’t be able to talk to yourself. I’m a little low on cash.| Hmm? How much you got?
 Nothing.| How can you walk around with no money?
 I’m cute. I get by.| It’s okay, you can owe me.
 Okay.| Sheldon, six bucks.
 For what?| No, no, don’t ask.
 I have pain radiating from my navel to my lower right abdomen. I’m nauseated and feverish. I believe I may have cholera.| There’s no cholera in Pasadena. Just like last summer, when there was no malaria in Pasadena.
 Well, if it’s not cholera, then based on a quick Internet search, the other explanations in decreasing order of likelihood are Hirschsprung’s Disease, botulism, a 30-foot tapeworm or accidental ingestion of chrysanthemum blossoms.| When would you have accidentally eaten chrysanthemum blossoms?
 It’s part of an unlikely scenario that involves sleepwalking and a 24-hour flower mart with a less-than-vigilant proprietor. Oh, Lord, my belly!| Have you had your appendix out?
 I haven’t. I’ve been meaning to, but who has the time?| Let’s get you to the hospital.
 So this is how it ends, with cruel irony. Just as I make the commitment to preserving my body, I am betrayed by my appendix, a vestigial organ. Do you know the original purpose of the appendix, Leonard?| No.
 I do. And yet I’m doomed while you live on.| Funny how things work out, isn’t it?
 Thank you, sir.| Palak paneer, that’s Penny.
 Thanks.| And for Rajesh Koothrappali, from whose homeland these tasty dishes originate, one large order of chicken McNuggets.
 Hey, what’s my share?| Uh, 12 bucks.
 Okay, can I get you after Friday when I get paid?| Sure.
 What am I up to now?| Well, okay, with the Indian food, the pizza, the Thai food, the tank of gas, the frozen yogurt and your rent, uh, a little over fourteen hundred dollars.
 Thank you. That’s what I was going for. Now, Leonard, tomorrow, when we go to work, you’ll need to allow some extra time to get me down the stairs. For your convenience, I disassemble into four pieces.| This is ridiculous. I’m coming to talk to you.
 You don’t know where I am. My physical body is safely ensconced in a secure, undisclosed location.| You’re in your bedroom.
 No, I’m not.| I can hear your voice coming from your bedroom.
 I’m behind you. Please look at me when you’re talking to me.| I am looking at you.
 No, you’re not. Pay no attention to that man in the bed.| You cannot exist as a virtual presence. Not here and certainly not at work. Oh, good God.
 At my age, do you know how I’m statistically most likely to die?| At the hands of your roommate?
 An accident.| That’s how I’m going to make it look.
 Until I can transfer my intellect to a more durable container, my body will remain safely ensconced in my bed.| Fine, but don’t expect my help.
 You have to help, it’s in the roommate agreement.| No, it’s not.
 Section 74.C. The various obligations and duties of the parties in the event one of them becomes a robot.| I’ll be damned.
 This is delightful.| Uh-huh.
 It’s much easier to enjoy the picturesque route we travel to work when you remove the spectre of fiery vehicular death.| Refresh my memory. Why didn’t I just put you in the trunk?
 Because I called shotgun. Remember?| Right.
 You seem tense. Perhaps this will relax you.| I don’t want to listen to music, Sheldon.
 Very well. I don’t understand why you’re not enjoying this. Together, in this car, with my enhanced capabilities, we’re like Knight Rider.| Except in Knight Rider, the car isn’t a yammering sphincter.
 You mock the sphincter, but the sphincter is a class of muscle without which human beings couldn’t survive. There are over 50 different sphincters in the human body. How many can you name?| I was wrong, this is exactly like Knight Rider.
 Perhaps you’d be interested in a different game.| No.
 I have an override switch.| I almost died!
 And I’m safe and sound in bed. Who’s crazy now?| I’m still going to go with you.
 Hello, Professor Hoskins. Nice to see you, Mindy. Konichi-wa Dr. Nakamora. Sorry the Swedes disproved your theory. Leonard, my door.| What about it?
 Be a lamb and open it for me.| Why? What’s the problem?
 You think you have me stymied, don’t you?| No, I think a doorknob has you stymied.
 Oh, great. Hi, I’m Penny, I’ll be your waitress.| Why are you introducing yourself?
 Is that Steve Wozniak?| I think it is.
 The Great and Powerful Woz.| Penny, Steve Wozniak was one of the cofounders of Apple Computer. He and Steve Jobs started it…
 I must speak to him.| Of course you must.
 You’re right. My apologies.| What the hell are you guys playing?
 It’s fun for ages eight to eighty. Join us.| All right. I like a good brainteaser. Give it a whirl.
 You’re in luck, this is an easy one. In a world where mankind is ruled by a giant intelligent beaver, what food is no longer consumed?| Uh, a BLT where the B stands for beaver? I don’t know.
 Leonard, be serious. We’re playing a game here.| I can figure this out, let’s see. Um, well, beavers eat tree bark. The only tree bark I know that humans consume is cinnamon. So, I’ll say cinnamon.
 Incorrect. Obviously, the answer is cheese Danish.| What?
 In a world ruled by a giant beaver, mankind builds many dams to please the beaver overlord. The low-lying city of Copenhagen is flooded. Thousands die. Devastated, the Danes never invent their namesake pastry. How does one miss that?| This is ridiculous. You’re just making stuff up.
 Oh, yes. You should’ve been here for the great Jenga tantrum of 2008.| You bumped the table and you know it.
 Perhaps it would be kinder to play a game more suited to his abilities. We’ll close our eyes and count to ten while you hide.| I’m going to my room.
 Spoiler alert! Spoiler alert.| What?
 Greetings. You all remember Amy Farrah Fowler.| Sure.
 Ah, ah.| Okay.
 Actually, I’m not. In order to avoid surprises, I wear them all the time.| Ah, ah.
 Okay, I’m just gonna walk away, ’cause I don’t want to be here.| So, this is nice. First time we’ve all gotten together to eat.
 You’re right, he’s a festival of humdrum chitchat.| Okay, that’s all I got. Howard, you’re up.
 She’s not my girlfriend. She’s a girl and she’s my friend, but there’s no touching or unsanitary exchange of saliva.| Got it.
 Although, for the record, on one occasion, she licked her thumb to remove raspberry jelly from the corner of my mouth. It’s an action we both regret to this day.| Uh-huh. Anyway, I’m not sure she’s the best fit for our little, how should we call it, rebel alliance.
 Oh, I never identified with the rebel alliance. Despite their tendency to build Death Stars, I’ve always been more of an empire man.| Yeah, not my point.
 I know what your point is. You’re intimidated by Amy’s intellect. To that I say, buck up.| Okay, let me just get right to it. Amy is judgmental, sanctimonious and frankly just obnoxious.
 So?| So we already have you for all that.
 Are you suggesting I terminate my relationship with Amy?| No, no, of course not. Just have your relationship someplace else.
 May I point out that for eight long months, I suffered in silence as your female companion filled our apartment with her off-key country music caterwauling, the unappetizing spectacle of her grinding a pumice stone against her calloused feet in our living room, and night after night of uninformative TV documentaries about the Jersey Shore.| Suffered in silence?
 Yes. And I’d thank you to do the same.| Really? Silence?
 Oh, he’s an ass when he doesn’t. You just don’t hear it.| I think we need to start entertaining the possibility that the Shamy could go on for years.
 I thought you were going to talk to Sheldon.| I did.
 Well, what’d he say?| Well, he pointed out that he kinda, sorta had to put up with you.
 Kinda, sorta had to?| I didn’t agree with him.
 Oh, God, never again.| I assume by never again, you mean never again will you drink all of Penny’s beer, then run down to the gas station for a couple of 40s, a box of Slim Jims and the latest issue of Bombay Badonkadonks.
 Yeah, we all thought so.| Oh, no.
 What?| John and Yoko.
 Greetings.| Hey.
 Absolutely not. My colleagues and I are mapping the neurological substrates that subserve global information processing, which is required for all cognitive reasoning, including scientific inquiry, making my research ipso facto prior in the ordo cognoscendi. That means it’s better than his research, and by extension, of course, yours.| I’m sorry, I’m-I’m still trying to work on the defecating Clark Maxwell, so…
 We’re all a little worried about Sheldon.| No, I mean since the Shamy hit a reef.
 What does hit a reef mean?| Uh, went splitsville.
 Pardon?| Turned to boom-boom.
 Ah.| I think Sheldon really misses Amy.
 You should lend him your copy of Bombay Badonkadonks.| He got a cat to keep him company.
 You’re kidding.| He takes it everywhere, to bed, to the bathroom.
 Okay, I get it. We’re worried about Sheldon.| Yeah.
 Robert Oppenheimer was lonely.| So you decided to get the whole Manhattan Project?
 Yes. This is Enrico Fermi, Richard Feynman, Edward Teller, Otto Frisch, and Zazzles.| Zazzles?
 I was going to name him Herman von Helmholtz, but he’s so zazzy.| Okay, we need to talk.
 About what?| Cats, Sheldon. You’re clearly upset about Amy being gone, and you’re trying to replace her with a bunch of cats.
 Clowder.| What?
 A group of cats is a clowder. Or a glaring.| Okay, yeah, fine.
 It’s the kind of thing you ought to know now that we have one.| Terrific. My-my point is you need to face up to what you’re feeling with this breakup.
 It wasn’t a breakup. A breakup would imply that Amy was my girlfriend.| Okay, I got it, I got it, she’s not your girlfriend. Now listen to me. I know about loneliness. I know about trying to replace someone with other stuff. When I broke up with Penny, I got back into my cello, I built a bunch of model rockets, I got those weightlifting gloves and that five-pound dumbbell.
 You didn’t break up, she dumped you.| She didn’t dump me. It was mutual!
 I was there. She dumped you.| Okay, fine. Live with cats. Be like my Aunt Nancy. She had dozens of them. And do you know what happened after she died? They ate her.
 Where is he?| He’s in his bedroom.
 Now, when you said on the phone he broke up with a girl, you meant an actual girl, not something you kids whipped up in a lab?| No, she’s real.
 Did they sin?| No, no, it’s not like that. It’s, uh, I don’t know what it’s like. But there is something I should prepare you for.
 Ah, then you may find Zazzles a little cloying.| I saw what you did there.
 He thinks he’s such a smarty pants. He’s no different from any man. You tell ’em not to do something, that’s all they want to do. If I hadn’t told my brother Stumpy not to clear out the wood chipper by hand, we’d still be calling him Edward. Now, don’t you move. I’ll bring over all the food.| No, no, no, I can do it.
 Well, I’d ask you guys if you want dessert, but I know Sheldon doesn’t eat dessert on Tuesdays. And even if Raj wanted something, he couldn’t tell me. Howard won’t order anything, but he will come up with some sort of skeevy comment involving the words pie or cheesecake. And Leonard’s lactose intolerant, so he can’t eat anything here without his intestines blowing up like a balloon animal.| Hang on a second. I could have the fruit platter.
 You want the fruit platter?| Does it have melon on it?
 Yeah.| No, I can’t eat melon.
 Oh, Howard, heads up. Your ex-girlfriend just came in for her shift.| When was the last time you saw her?
 Hi, guys.| Hey.
 I did a stupid thing.| Yeah, I guessed that.
 It was the kind of thing that makes it kind of hard to face her now.| That covers anything from farting in bed to killing a homeless guy. Oh, my God. You ran over a hobo.
 No. Stop asking.| All right, fine. So you want to get back together with her, but you’re too ashamed to face her because of whatever it is you did.
 In a nutshell.| Okay. Well, how about this? Kidnap Bernadette from the opera wearing a creepy mask so she doesn’t know it’s you.
 You’re two for two.| Why can’t he have a desk, Sheldon?
 It’s my office.| Sheldon.
 Well, you really want to dot the I’s and cross the T’s, don’t you?| Why would you want a glow-in-the-dark ant farm?
 One question.| Yeah?
 Why on earth are you telling me all this?| I don’t know. Sometimes your movements are so lifelike, I forget you’re not a real boy.
 Yeah, we had a really great talk, and we’re gonna start seeing each other again.| Oh, congratulations. Have you broken it to the troll yet?
 Did Penny tell you about that?| No. Steve Patterson told me.
 The greasy old fat guy in Facilities Management?| Yeah.
 How’d he know about it?| He’s Glissinda the troll.
 Yeah. I think I’m gonna take her to miniature golf.| Ah. Well, I guess for you guys that’s like regular golf.
 Short jokes? Really? You’re, like, a quarter of an inch taller than me.| Yeah, and don’t you forget it.
 Yes?| What are you doing in there?
 Well, we’ll just see how your noxious gas fares against my cinnamon-apple-scented aroma therapy candles.| Didn’t you say you’re making hydrogen sulphide gas?
 Yes.| Isn’t that flammable?
 That is apt and amusing. I think I shall share that with Amy Farrah Fowler. She’ll appreciate the witticism.| Thank you.
 It’ll also help improve her initial impression of you.| So what’s going on with you two?
 Well, the status is as it always was. She’s a girl. She’s a friend. She is not my, please forgive me for doing this, girlfriend.| Right, right. So you’re still just texting and emailing? You don’t feel any need to hang out with her, you know, be in the same room?
 Leonard, you are my best friend. I’ve known you for seven years, and I can barely tolerate sitting on the couch with you. Imagine my attitude regarding prolonged physical proximity to Amy Farrah Fowler.| Got it.
 I sense judgment on your part.| No, no. Maybe a little.
 May I suggest that your criticism is based on jealousy.| Jealousy? What do I have to be jealous of?
 I have a functioning and satisfying relationship with a female. You have none.| Oh, right. That.
 Jealousy is an ugly green-eyed monster, not unlike the Hulk, who, by the way, also has a girlfriend. In this iteration, Jennifer Connelly, whom you may recall as the girlfriend of Russell Crowe in A Beautiful Mind, a feel-good romp if there ever was one.| I’m not jealous.
 You know, it just occurred to me, if there are an infinite number of parallel universes, in one of them, there’s probably a Sheldon who doesn’t believe parallel universes exist.| Probably. What’s your point?
 No point. It’s just one of the things that makes one of the mes chuckle. What makes you chuckle, Leonard?| Hmm, recently? Not much.
 Is it because of the conflict that arises from your desperate need to pair-bond with a woman, and the apparent collective decision of all womankind to deny you that opportunity?| Um, shut up.
 You know, when my grandfather died, and Meemaw was alone, my mom arranged for her to visit a centre three times a week where she could socialize with other lonely people. It’s very nice. They discuss current events, play bridge, get a hot meal.| That sounds lovely.
 It is if you like bridge. Do you like bridge, Leonard?| Sheldon, I’m just not dating someone right now. I don’t need to go to a senior centre.
 Meemaw resisted at first, but now she loves it.| Fine. If I don’t meet someone soon, you can put me in a home.
 When I call him, his phone plays Brown Eyed Girl. Which, now that I think about it, is not so good.| You realize he’s just rubbing our noses in the fact that he has a girlfriend, and we don’t.
 You mean, you don’t.| You have a girlfriend? How could you have a girlfriend? You can’t even speak to women.
 Two words, deaf chick. It doesn’t matter if I can’t talk, because she can’t hear me.| What?
 That’s what she said.| Great. You have a girlfriend, Howard’s got a girlfriend, Sheldon’s got a girl…
 No, no, no, no!| …who’s a friend.
 Thank you.| What about you, Stuart? You have a girlfriend yet?
 Oh, yeah. Yeah. I met her at Comic-Con, the one place in the world where saying I own a comic bookstore is an actual pickup line.| Oh. Well, good for you.
 Not really. She’s horrible. When she wants to have sex, she puts on her plus-size Wonder Woman costume and shouts who wants to take a ride in my invisible plane?| Why don’t you just break up with her?
 No, no, I can’t.| Why not?
 Dude, why don’t you just invoke your girlfriend pact with Wolowitz?| Because I don’t need his girlfriend to set me up with one of her girlfriends. I’m perfectly capable of finding a girl on my own.
 Oh, Leonard, you remind me of the funny old story about a man who walks into a women’s correctional institution with a stack of paperwork that will allow the female convicts to go free.| You’re saying I couldn’t get laid in a women’s prison with a handful of pardons.
 Leonard? Are you sleeping?| No.
 Are you ill?| No.
 Are you still depressed because you’re alone, and no one loves you?| I don’t know. Maybe.
 I want you to know that I’m genuinely concerned about your well-being.| Thank you.
 Since we got home from the comic bookstore.| That was two hours ago.
 Did you know that, Leonard?| No.
 I understand that some people find mates in social gathering places such as bars or taverns. Have you tried a bar or tavern?| No, I’m not gonna try to pick up a woman in a bar.
 Wise decision. You see, Amy, success at a bar is based on classic male attributes such as height, strength, attractiveness, the ability to hold one’s liquor and throw darts, separately or together. Leonard has none of these attributes, right, Leonard?| Right.
 Amy Farrah Fowler has asked me to meet her mother.| Yeah. So?
 What does that mean?| Well, you know how you’re always saying that Amy is a girl who’s your friend, and not your girlfriend?
 Uh-huh.| You can’t say that anymore.
 Wait. What?| Look, she obviously wants to take your relationship to the next level.
 I don’t want the next level. I like this level. Fix it for me!| Me? Well, how am I supposed to fix it?
 Simple! You want a girlfriend, Amy wants to be someone’s girlfriend. Take her off my hands. I give you my blessing.| That is insane.
 You’re right. It would never work. Amy finds you tedious.| Okay, good luck.
 Wait! What am I supposed to do?| Well, have you considered telling her how you feel?
 Leonard, I’m a physicist, not a hippie.| All right, well, let me see if I can explain your situation using physics. What would you be if you were attached to another object by an inclined plane wrapped helically around an axis?
 Screwed.| There you go.
 Oh, hey. I hope you didn’t hear that.| The volcano thing? No.
 What’s with the T-shirt? You working at the Apple store now?| No, it’s just something I threw on.
 I know all your shirts. That’s not one of them. You were pretending to work at the Genius Bar to pick up women, weren’t you?| Yeah. Turns out, they guard the iPods, but they don’t guard the shirts.
 So, how’d it go?| It was going well. I was showing this super hot girl how to boot up in Safe Mode. The manager got suspicious, and, well, long story short, they really do have a little jail in the mall.
 Just FYI, don’t try to go back with a fake moustache. I mean, they may not really be geniuses, but they see right through that.| I want to invoke the girlfriend pact, Howard.
 You that desperate?| No, I just, I want what you have. You know, I want a woman in my life.
 As if one of the plants from Invasion of the Body Snatchers duplicated you in every way, only with an absurd amount of hair gel.| What are you working on?
 I’m removing my digital footprint from the Internet so Amy Farrah Fowler can’t find me and compel me to meet her mother.| Ah, you’re going off the grid.
 Exactly.| The old Unabomber approach. Kudos.
 Thank you. I’ve also sent Amy a relationship termination notice and changed my cell phone number and e-mail address.| What if she just comes over?
 She’ll get lost. We no longer live at 2311 Los Robles. We now live at 311 Los Robles.| You changed the address on the building? What about mail?
 Darn! She found me!| She’s been here before.
 The only flaw in an otherwise perfect plan. Now, get my back, Jack.| What do you want to do?
 Tell her I’m not here.| Okay, where are you?
 I don’t know. You’ll have to devise a scenario that plausibly explains my absence, keeping in mind that the key to a good lie lies in the details.| Hi, Amy. Sheldon’s not here.
 Joy, this is Leonard. Leonard, this is Joy.| Hi.
 Hi. You don’t look like a genius. Go ahead, say something smart.| Uh…
 Aah! Time’s up. Just kidding. First thing you need to know about me, I’m hilarious.| Yeah. So, Bernadette tells me she knows you from self-defence classes?
 Yeah. Israeli Krav Maga. Lots of fun. Basically, a hundred different ways to rip a guy’s nuts off.| Wow. Wouldn’t think there’d be that many.
 Number 42!| Whoa!
 Hey, this is a date, right?| Yep, it is.
 73!| Whoa!
 Come on, just give her a chance. Maybe she’ll grow on you.| Or maybe she’ll finally succeed in ripping my nuts off. There are still 93 ways she hasn’t tried yet. Look, Howard, I appreciate the effort, but this is, like, the worst date of my life.
 Seriously? I was once robbed by a pre-op transsexual I met on J-Date, and that didn’t even crack my top ten.| I guess the difference is, I have some self-respect.
 Not that I’ve ever seen.| It’s relatively new. I just know that I’m not gonna spend time with someone I don’t like simply to have a girlfriend. I’m okay on my own.
 Good news, I made lots of room for dessert.| Look, uh, Joy, it was nice to meet you, but…
 Yeah, you, too. Hey, you got anything for next weekend? I need a date for my cousin’s wedding.| You’re asking me out?
 Yeah. And it’s an open bar, so I’ll probably be giving it away.| I look forward to it.
 Gagh!| Problem?
 Why would I change?| The hope has been that you’d eventually bend to public opinion. So, Priya, what brings you back to LA?
 Given that when we met her she was finishing law school and planning an internship at a large Indian car company, it’s actually extremely plausible.| And your poll numbers just keep dropping.
 I want to catch up with all of you, but first I really must visit the loo.| I’m going too, I’ll show you where it is.
 It’s really nice to see you again Leonard.| Yeah. It’s good to see you too. Here you go.
 Well then apparently, you hate fun.| Hmm, Priya’s not back yet? Well, I guess that’s not unusual, women, men, the whole sitting, standing deal, so, what are we talking about?
 He rejected train day.| Did you make it clear that it’s two different train cars turned into hot dog stands?
 Abundantly.| I guess he just hates fun.
 You are in a forest. There is quicksand to the west, a path leads to the east. Go east. An iron gate blocks your way. Open gate. It’s locked. Hmm, well, so much for that.| It’s getting pretty late, how come you’re still up?
 I’ve found an emulator online that lets you play classic text based computer games from the 1980s.| That’s pretty cool.
 Oh yes. It runs on the world’s most powerful graphics chip, imagination.| You’ve really got to get out more.
 You said he goes to bed at nine.| Yeah, he does but he got caught up in a computer game and…
 Can’t you get rid of him?| If the past is any indication, no.
 Leonard, I’m trapped in quicksand, the axe is dragging me down.| Drop axe.
 Drop axe. Brilliant.| Give me a minute. Sheldon,
 Hold on. I have to figure out how to get the bucket, so I can carry the mud past the dragon.| Sheldon, you need to work in the morning.
 I know.| Well then, bed mister.
 Five more minutes.| Really? You’re going to risk getting sleepy in the middle of your thermodynamic fluctuations seminar? You know what happens when you yawn in public.
 Everyone will see my oddly shaped uvula.| You don’t want that, do you?
 No. But it’s a shame our society mocks the differently uvulated. Who was at the door?| Oh, uh, building manager. They have to fix a pipe so the water will be off tomorrow from noon to two.
 That’s unacceptable. We’re supposed to be given written notice.| No, no, it doesn’t matter, we’ll be at work.
 Well, what if I spill tomato soup on my shirt and have to come home to change, only to find there’s no water for an enzyme soak.| Bifurcated uvula, Sheldon!
 I know how to get the bucket! I can turn the axe around and use the handle to reach it. Let’s see. Go north. You are in a forest. Go north. You are in a forest. Go north. You are in a forest. Oh dear, I believe I’m lost. Well, I’ll just have to get a fresh start tomorrow.| No, no, no, no, no. You just need, you just need, you just need to map it out. Come on, I’ll help you. So, uh, you stopped at the stream and you turned north three times?
 Yes.| You’re right, you’re lost, good luck.
 Oh! Leonard, wake up.| Huh! Sorry!
 For what?| I don’t know. When I’m in bed with a girl, it’s just, it’s my go to response.
 It’s six o’ clock, I have to get back to Raj’s before he wakes up and realises I’m gone.| Oh, right, sure. I wish you could stay in LA a while longer.
 Mmm. Me too.| You know, I was thinking, there are some great research facilities in India.
 Where are you going with this, Leonard?| Well, I’m just saying, I don’t have any real ties here, so if I were to move to New Delhi we could, you know, go out.
 Leonard, didn’t we have this conversation five years ago.| Well, yes, but, things have changed, you know, you’re older, I’m older. Look, no more superhero bedsheets.
 Sweetheart, just because we have fun when I come to town doesn’t mean I want to have a serious relationship.| It doesn’t?
 Mm-mm. And besides, I could never bring a white boy home to my parents. They’d have a cow. Which is a much bigger deal in India.| I’m not that white. My great-great grandmother was half Cherokee. I know that’s not the right kind of Indian but it is something.
 I heard a woman laughing.| Oh, uh, yeah, I was trying to see if I could laugh as a woman.
 Oh. Well, good job, quite convincing. I smell perfume.| Air freshener.
 And is that lipstick on your cheek and neck.| Uh, rash, that’s a bad rash.
 My sympathies. I am no stranger to the crimson scourge that is dermatitis. Can I interest you in a topical steroid from my lotion and unguent collection?| Uh, yeah, yeah, that sounds great.
 Very well, I’m sure I can find something that will help you ditch that itch.| Okay, he’s in the bathroom, let’s go.
 Do you prefer ointment or cream?| Uh, cream.
 With or without a numbing agent?| Without.
 Really? Leonard, there are no heroes when it comes to dermatitis.| Fine. With.
 Prescription or non-prescription strength.| Use your best judgement.
 Well, I think I have a nice 2009 AnaMantle HC. It’s usually indicated for acutely inflamed haemorrhoids, but it also goes nicely with non mucosal body parts.| Sounds great.
 Is that really what you want to talk about, Leonard?| No.
 What do you want to talk about?| Please don’t tell anyone I spent the night with Raj’s sister.
 There it is. What if someone asks?| No-one’s going to ask if I spent the night with Raj’s sister.
 Perhaps. But they might ask me something else.| Like what?
 Like, has Leonard betrayed any of his friends recently?| Priya and I are both adults. We didn’t betray Raj.
 In fact, you did, but I was referring to Howard.| What are you talking about?
 And Raj.| Alright, and Raj.
 And me.| You?
 Violation of the roommate agreement, overnight guest notification clause.| Okay fine, I’m, I’m a horrible human being, I’m the Darth Vader of Pasadena.
 You’re far too short to be Darth Vader. At best you might be a turncoat Ewok.| My point is, Priya’s gone. And it would be much better if no-one else found out about this.
 You mean, you want me to keep a secret.| Yes.
 You know I can’t keep a secret.| You can if you try. Think about it this way, if I were Batman and you were Alfred, you’d keep that secret. Right?
 Why do you get to be Batman?| Because, well, Batman has the secret.
 Well Alfred has secrets too.| Like what?
 Ta-da!| What.
 Ta-da. It’s short for da-da-da-da!| Kind of busy here, Sheldon.
 I know, that’s why I shortened it.| What do you want.
 I came to go over your alibi for last night.| What alibi?
 You’ve asked me to lie on your behalf, and as you know, I am deeply uncomfortable with impromptu dishonest, so I’ve provided you with an iron clad alibi. You couldn’t have spent last night with Priya, because you were with another woman.| Oh, I’m so sure I’m going to regret this, but, who was I with?
 The fun loving, and morally loose, Miss Maggie McGeary.| Oh, God.
 It’s pretty convincing, huh? And it wasn’t even a real person. And here is the clincher. A lock of Maggie’s flaming auburn hair.| Where did you get that?
 From an orang-u-tan in the primate lab.| An orang-u-tan?
 Hey, Leonard, will you please tell Howard my sister’s never been attracted to him.| C’mon Raj, how am I supposed to know who she’s attracted to. Or was attracted to. Or who she might be attracted to. In the future.
 Hey, so what did you guys think of the new episode of Caprica last night?| I didn’t see it.
 Didn’t see it? What were you doing?| Uh, I was out.
 On Caprica night?| Yeah, I, uh, went for a drink.
 Really, you, and where, where did you go?| To, uh, Lucky Baldwin’s.
 Oh, I’ve heard of that place, isn’t that Pasadena’s favourite Irish watering hole.| Yes.
 Did you meet anyone interesting there, perhaps a promiscuous redheaded barmaid?| As a matter of fact I.. I… I can’t… I can’t… I can’t do it.
 Sure you can, you’re doing fine, it’s very believable.| Look, I’m sorry Raj, but the truth is I was with Priya last night.
 What? You slept with my sister?| Yeah.
 May I point out, in a parallel universe, your friends are saying Maggie McGeary, she sounds lovely.| Look, I admit it, I may have crossed a line here, but come on, Raj, your sister is a grown woman. To her, I’m a forbidden piece of white chocolate.
 I… I don’t believe it, this is a terrible betrayal of my trust.| No, no, no, would it help if I told you that I offered her my heart and she kind of stomped on it.
 How hard did she stomp?| Very hard.
 Yeah, well, Raj, I just want to say that I’d never betray your trust. Unlike Leonard, I respect you.| Really?
 Mmm.| Was it out of respect that you didn’t tell Raj about the time you dropped his iPhone in a urinal?
 Well, excuse me. That was not a betrayal, that was an experiment to determine at what concentration food starts tasting mothy.| You put moths in my food?
 I can’t believe you kissed my sister with moth mouth.| Well, uh, I can’t believe you used Sheldon’s toothbrush.
 Not the brush part, just the little rubber thing to pick food from my teeth and massage my gums.| Okay, I, I, I think it’s safe to say that we’ve all done some things we’re not particularly proud of. But come on, we’re friends. Friends overlook each other’s minor lapses. For the record, Howard, I’m sorry that I broke our pact.
 Well, sure.| These are pretty god, what flavour is this?
 Guess.| Papaya?
 No.| Guava?
 You’re so close.| I give up.
 The capybara is the largest member of the rodent family.| What does that have to do with me and women?
 Nothing. It was a desperate attempt to introduce an alternate topic of conversation.| My problem is, I don’t project confidence. So I decided that the next time I meet a woman I think is attractive, rather than holding back and being cautious, I’m going to assume the mantle of self-assurance.
 Oh, yeah? What’s that look like?| Hi. I’m Leonard. And you are beautiful. You pop, sparkle and buzz electric. I’m going to pick you up at eight, show you a night you will never forget.
 Excuse me. If we’re changing topics, I believe I have first dibs with capybara, a rodent the size of a baby hippo.| Congratulations Howard.
 Whoa, whoa, whoa! I don’t want to speak to the FBI.| Why not?
 It doesn’t matter. They’ll find a reason to give me a one-way ticket back to Gandhi-ville. By the way, when I say that, it’s not offensive.| Don’t be ridiculous, Raj. You’re here legally.
 You know, I try very hard to make our lunch hours educational and informative, but your insistence on talking about your own lives stymies me at every turn.| Fine, Sheldon, tell us about your giant rodents.
 Who?| Mulder and Scully. X-Files. The truth is out there. Never mind. Uh, so, what would you like to know?
 You work with Mr. Wolowitz here at the university, correct?| Yes. Of course, we’re in different departments. He’s an engineer and I’m an experimental physicist. You know, one of those guys who examines the building blocks of creation and says, Hello, maker of the universe, I see what you did there. Good one.
 Right. Now, how would you characterize your relationship with Mr. Wolowitz?| Good. It’s a good relationship. Of course, most of my relationships are good. Probably because I exude confidence. People are drawn to that, you know? Confidence, not exuding.
 Do you know of any groups Mr. Wolowitz is a member of?| You are beautiful, you know that? You pop, sparkle and buzz electric. I’m going to pick you up at eight, show you a night you will never forget.
 Sounds great.| Really?
 Yeah. Can my six-foot-two Navy SEAL husband come with us?| Is that, oh, my, I didn’t see the ring with my glasses off, so, look at that, I’m starting to exude.
 Not particularly.| Could you get that?
 I suppose I could if I were asked.| Would you please get that?
 Hey, buddies. Guess who didn’t get security clearance to work on the giant space laser?| What happened?
 Well, actually, I may have gotten a little tipsy when I talked to her.| And I may have hit on her a little bit.
 I see. Well, it’s good to know, when I need you guys, I can always count on you to step up and ruin everything.| I feel awful.
 Ah, me, too.| To tell you the truth, I thought if anyone was going to screw things up for Howard, it’d be Sheldon.
 Sleep eludes me, Leonard.| Really? Maybe sleep has met you before.
 Mockery? That’s all you have to offer?| I’m sorry. Why can’t you sleep?
 Who knows? I haven’t watched any scary movies recently. I’m no longer obsessing over why the predicted mass of the quantum vacuum has little effect on the expansion of the universe. And it’s been weeks since I took that accidental sip of Red Bull.| Did something happen today that’s bothering you?
 Well, I did mention the Mars Rover incident to that FBI agent and probably cost Howard his security clearance.| What?
 But why should that keep me up?| Because you feel guilty?
 Interesting. So you’re saying my insomnia is caused by a guilty conscience.| Actually, you don’t have insomnia. You’re sleeping now.
 Excuse me?| You’re having a guilt-ridden dream.
 Do you have any evidence to support that hypothesis?| How about that Gorn sitting on the couch?
 Hello.| Hey.
 How long?| 94 seconds.
 Maybe he took a class at the adult bookstore. That’s how I learned.| I can’t believe you’ve never seen Raiders of the Lost Ark.
 And I can’t believe you’ve never read Eat, Pray, Love.| When she comes out with Eat, Pray, Run Away From A Giant Boulder, I’ll read it.
 That’s the work of noted Hollywood costume designer Deborah Nadoolman. She also designed the iconic red and black jacket in Michael Jackson’s Thriller video, which I’ve never viewed in its entirety, as I find zombies dancing in choreographed synchronicity implausible. And also, it’s really scary.| Would someone please turn off the Sheldon commentary track?
 What, 21 seconds? That’ll be like seeing a whole new movie!| Exactly. They say it finally solves the submarine controversy.
 Yeah, I think I’ll pass. But you guys enjoy your extra 21 seconds.| Bet if I could make you understand why this is such a cool thing, we’d still be together.
 May I point out to you all that the screening is first come, first served?| Relax, it’s five o’clock. The movie doesn’t start till midnight.
 Drat. Now I’m 8 for 27.| Don’t worry, Sheldon. We’ll be fine.
 But how were our seats?| Excellent.
 Leonard, you’re right. We should enjoy our meal, arrive late, and risk winding up with terrible seats, assuming we get in at all.| Thank you, Amy.
 Olive you, too.| Guys, that’s really starting to get old.
 Knock-knock.| Who’s there?
 I have a girlfriend and you don’t.| Hysterical!
 Knock-knock.| Who‘s there?
 Hugh.| Hugh who?
 And here’s where we are. The runts in a large litter, unlikely to ever reach the nourishing teats of Indiana Jones.| So I guess it’s a good thing we stopped for dinner.
 Too bad you don’t have a stadium pal like me.| What’s a stadium pal?
 What did he say?| Nice going, Raj, just got him down for his nap.
 We might not get seats?| It’s fine, it’s fine. Go back to sleep.
 Oh, I informed you thusly. I so informed you thusly.| Howard, you talk to him. Howard? You’re peeing, aren’t you?
 This is Indiana Jones, not Star Trek. There should be no value to his pseudo-celebrity here. And even at Star Trek conventions, they only let him in if he helps set up.| Calm down, Sheldon.
 I will not calm down. This affront to justice and decency cannot go unanswered. As Captain Jean-Luc Picard once said, the line must be drawn here! This far, no farther!| Had to wake him up from his nap, didn’t you?
 Listen to what Mr. Wil Wheaton is tweeting. Best seats in house for Raiders screening. Suck on that, Sheldon Cooper.| Why do you read his Twitter feed? You know it’s only going to upset you.
 We’re full up.| We really want to see this. Is there anything you can do?
 I guess we’d better go after him.| Short Round?
 Indy’s young sidekick from Temple of Doom.| Yeah, I know who it is, but why is it me?
 You whistled?| What is that?
 Raiders of the Lost Ark, with 21 additional seconds. If I can’t see it, no one else can see it.| Sheldon, this is crazy.
 No. Crazy was leaving the projection booth unattended.| Listen to me. You are over-tired. You’re not thinking right. Put the movie back before we get into trouble.
 Come on, Short Round.| Yeah.
 You want to talk brave, how about Captain America’s undocumented Mexican gardener?| He’s not braver than whoever uses the bathroom after The Thing?
 Yes?| Oh, um, is Penny here?
 You’re Leonard, right?| Yeah.
 Damn, it’s good to finally meet you, son.| Okay, I think a bit of context here might help.
 Oh, hey, Leonard. I see you met my dad.| Oh, good. Context.
 Actually, Indian Monopoly’s just like regular, except the money’s in Rupees, instead of hotels you build call centers, and when you pick a chance card, you might die of dysentery. Just FYI, that was racist.| You’ll never guess what just happened.
 You went out in the hallway, stumbled into an interdimensional portal which brought you 5,000 years into the future, where you took advantage of the advanced technology to build a time machine, and now you’re back to bring us all with you to the year 7010 where we are transported to work at the thinkatorium by telepathically controlled flying dolphins?| No.
 Aw.| Penny kissed me.
 What… what kind of a kiss?| A big kiss. On the mouth.
 Is it possible that she was going for your cheek and you moved and she accidentally got lip? That happens with me and my mom all the time.| She introduced me to her father, kissed me and then shut the door in my face.
Maybe she was trying to send you a message.| You think?
 Yeah. This man is not my father. I’m being held hostage. So I’m going to do something insane in the hopes that you’ll call 911.| Penny kissing me is not insane. She used to kiss me all the time.
 Einstein defined insanity as doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. By that standard, Penny is cuckoo for cocoa puffs.| I’m just saying, it felt like it may have meant something.
 Ooh, ooh! Do our babies will be smart and beautiful. That one always makes me laugh.| Why do I bother talking to you people?
 So you’re probably wondering what that was all about.| What, uh, the kissing and everything? Nah, women do that to me all the time.
 Yeah, okay. The thing is, I kind of told my father we got back together again.| What? Why?
 Well, you’re the first guy he’s ever really approved of, you know? You’re a scientist who went to college and you don’t have a neck tattoo or outstanding warrants or, or a baby.| What kind of guys did you used to go out with?
 Just guys. Anyway, when I told him we split up, he was heartbroken, and he kept bugging me, how’s Leonard? why can’t you get back together with Leonard? I bet Leonard never tipped a cow over on himself. So to get him off my back, I told him we worked things out.| Really? How, how’d we manage that?
 What?| Well, did you apologize? Did you have to woo me?
 Get over yourself. I whistled, you came running.| Yeah, no, I don’t think so.
 Okay, why are you arguing about this?| I’m just saying, if we fake got back together, that’s totally not how it fake happened.
 Oh, okay, whatever. Will you please just play along until my dad leaves?| Hold on, you actually want me to deceive your father with some sort of sham play acting and kissing? Cause I’m good with that.
 Relax, I’ve seen you do a lot worse with a lot stupider.| See? He doesn’t mind.
 Oh, dad, that’s nice, but Leonard has to work. Right, Leonard?| Uh, I do, I have to work. But I’m gonna blow that off to spend the evening with my sweetie and her father, ’cause, you know, just the kind of boyfriend I am.
 Oh.| Come here, you.
 Donnie was gonna make millions turning farm waste into biofuel and selling it to the government.| A lot of people are doing that.
 Well, I’m just glad you finally found yourself a keeper.| Thanks, Wyatt. I’m a keeper.
 Oh, gee, dad, he’d love to, but Leonard has to work in the morning.| Maybe I could go in a little late.
 Behind every great man is a nagging woman who won’t let him have any fun, am I right, Leonard?| Don’t I know it.
 Well, good night, son.| Good night, Wyatt. Oh, good night, honey.
 Good night.| I love you.
 Shut up. You know what I’ve been doing for the last hour?| Mm, dreamily doodling Mrs. Leonard Hofstadter in a notebook?
 Listening to my father go on and on about what a great guy you are.| You got to admit, I am, I’m delightful.
 Why are you making this so difficult?| It’s not difficult for me. I’m having fun.
 Leonard.| What do you want me to do? You started this. Do you want to go over and tell him we’re broken up?
 I don’t know.| Don’t you think that’s something you should have figured out before you stomped over here?
 Oh, my God. What personal habits?| I have a list. FYI, overuse of the phrase, oh, my god, is number 12.
 Okay, Sheldon, you don’t have to do this because Leonard and I are not…| Ba-ba-ba-ba. Are you sure you want to include him in this?
 Uh, we don’t discuss anything. Leonard is the signatory to the Roommate Agreement. As such, he bears responsibility for all your infractions and must pay all fines.| Fines?
 Oh! I think I got a nibble.| Oh, b-be careful. Give him some line. Okay, now reel him in.
 Oh, look at that baby. They’re really biting, huh?| Yeah. They do that when you set it on easy.
 That’s Leonard says he loves you. What? I see. The whole thing’s bull squirt, huh? Well, that’s very disappointing. Bye.| Oh, hey. There’s been something I’ve been meaning to tell you.
 I can’t believe you would lie to me like that.| Just for the record, I did not want to be a part of this.
 I’ll get to you in a minute.| No hurry.
 Please, please, please don’t give up on her.| What?
 I can’t go back to the skateboard idiots, the white rappers and all those sweaty dumb-asses with their backwards hats.| Gee, I don’t know if it’s in the cards, sir.
 Then, stack the deck. Cheat. Lie. I don’t care. I want grandkids before I die, and I want them to grow up in a house without wheels.| I’ll give it a shot.
 Thank you. Now I’m going to do something here to help you along.| Excuse me?
 Just don’t panic. Now, get your sorry, lying ass out of my face and make sure I never see it again!| Oh, the reverse psychology thing. I see. That’s very clever.
 Don’t yap. Just get out.| I’ll friend you on Facebook.
 Oh, there you are. Just so you know, I was up all night, but I have finally completed the Penny-specific section of the new roommate agreement.| Yeah, well, not necessary. We broke up again.
 Hey.| Oh, how’d it go last night?
 Oh, you know. Same old, same old. Looked through a telescope, saw some stars. Big whoop.| Really? You waited months for time with that telescope. What happened?
 Hey.| Hey.
 Hey.| You get to play with Raj’s big telescope last night?
 Clarify something for me. Isn’t the point of a communal meal the exchange of ideas and opinions? An opportunity to consider important issues of the day?| It is. You just kind of put a damper on things when you said, the next person I see talking with food in their mouth will be put to death.
 Well, we could argue about who said what all night long, but to set things back on course, I will propose a new topic of conversation.| Great.
 Wrong. The best number is 73. You’re probably wondering why.| No.
 73 is the 21st prime number. Its mirror, 37, is the 12th, and its mirror, 21, is the product of multiplying, hang on to your hats, seven and three. Eh? Eh? Did I lie?| We get it. 73 is the Chuck Norris of numbers.
 Just for the record, when you enter five million three hundred eighteen thousand and eight in a calculator, upside-down it spells boobies.| Remember when you were wondering why the girls didn’t want to eat with us tonight?
 Did you hear about the accident at the bio lab?| No. What happened?
 Yeah, Leonard, who?| 12 years after high school, and I’m still at the nerd table.
 You got a better idea?| Every idea is better than this idea.
 Don’t yell at me!| Suppose there are worse ways to spend a Friday night. None come to mind.
 If anybody’s going to go down, it’s going to be you.| Fellas. It’s been 30 minutes. Nobody’s touched each other.
 Ice Dragon.| Lesser Warlord of Ka’a.
 Not so fast. Infinite Sheldon.| Infinite Sheldon?
 Yes, Infinite Sheldon defeats all other cards and does not violate the rule against homemade cards because I made it at work.| Do you understand why people don’t want to play with you?
 No, although it’s a question I’ve been pondering since preschool.| Hey.
 Hey.| Hey.
 Hey, your copy of Science magazine was in my mailbox.| Oh, thanks.
 Check it out, all about planets this month.| That’s an atom.
 Agree to disagree. That’s what I love about science, there’s no one right answer.| So, you and Zack again, huh?
 No, I’m almost sure that it was the Discovery Channel. It was a great show. They also said dolphins might be smarter than people.| They might be smarter than some people.
 I don’t get it.| A dolphin might.
 And nobody drew a penis on his forehead.| That happened to you?
 First day of cricket camp. They drew it so the testicles were my eyes.| I don’t know, I think we might owe the guy an apology.
 So go apologize.| Why me?
 You started it, we just piled on.| What would I even say?
 Yeah, Milk Duds, with their self-deprecating name and remarkably mild flavour, are the most apologetic of the boxed candies.| I got a better idea. We’re all responsible. I say we all go. Come on, who’s with me? Free comic books to anyone who comes with me. I might get punched. You really want to miss that?
 What?| Yeah, we came to talk to Zack. Hey, Zack.
 What do you want?| Listen, uh, the stuff we were saying before, we were just kidding around.
 No, you weren’t. You were making fun of me.| Come on, that’s what we do. We give each other a hard time. Hey, Sheldon, you look like a praying mantis.
 That’s very hurtful.| See?
 You guys want to come in and have a beer?| Uh, we’re on our way to the comic book store.
 Literally? Literally a million years?| Don’t.
 You guys finally chip in for a bodyguard?| Uh, no. Oh, this is Zack. He’s a friend of ours. Zack, this is Stuart. He owns the store.
 To that point, it occurs to me that we might have an opportunity to finally snare Best Group Costume if we shore up our weak link, which is clearly Leonard as Superman.| Hey, I got new boots this year. Guaranteed to add three inches.
 I was thinking specifically of the gentleman over there moving his lips as he enjoys the latest exploits of Betty and Veronica.| Zack?
 He is the only person we know with actual muscles.| You can’t replace me with Zack.
 But I’m Green Lantern.| You can be Aquaman.
 We’re going to be late. I’m pacing nervously.| You’re jogging.
 Stupid Aquaman.| If it makes you feel any better, when I was dating Penny, she used to flip out on me all the time.
 Whoa. You dated Penny?| She didn’t tell you?
 She told me she dated a guy named Leonard. Who would have thought it was you?| Who else would it be?
 No, we can still make this work. Leonard, you talk to Penny.| What makes you think I can convince her?
 You got her to have sex with you. Obviously, your superpower is brainwashing.| Okay, let me see if I understand this. You want me to convince my ex-girlfriend to go to a costume party with her new boyfriend just so we can win a stupid prize?
 Go away, Sheldon.| It’s Leonard.
 It’s open.| Hey.
 I’m not going to that party, Leonard.| Okay, listen. You don’t have to wear the wig. At this party, we’re gonna win first prize just by showing up with a girl.
 It’s not the wig.| Did I do something? I mean, I tried to be friends with Zack, like you said, which believe me, was difficult, given how you and me used to be, you know, you and me, and now you and him are you and him.
 Okay, look. We’re not really me and him.| Then what are you?
 I don’t know. I only started seeing Zack again so I wouldn’t be alone on New Year’s Eve. How pathetic is that?| Not as pathetic as dressing up like this and going to a comic book store on New Year’s Eve.
 You make a cute Green Arrow.| Green Lantern.
 Like there’s a difference.| There’s a big difference. Arrow. Lantern.
 Whatever. Look, if Zack and I had just gone to a regular club or a party, it would have been fine, but this, with the costumes, and you.| What about me?
 Are you high?| You’re being a bully.
 Check it out. Those guys are breaking into that car.| What should we do?
 I won’t say that all senior citizens who can’t master technology should be publicly flogged, but if we made an example of one or two, it might give the others incentive to try harder.| I had a great idea. You know how we’re always having to stop and solve differential equations, like when you’re doing Fourier analysis, or using the Schrodinger equation?
 Howard doesn’t. He’s only an engineer.| I was thinking, we could write a little app that would use handwriting recognition, and then run it through a symbolic evaluation engine. You just use your smartphone, take a picture of the equation and bam!
 You know, Leonard, that’s actually a valid idea. Very good.| Can you say that and not make it sound like I’m a cat who learned how to use the toilet?
 No. The two achievements are equally surprising and equally admirable, though if pressed, I’d have to give a slight edge to the cat. I’ll save you the pain and nervousness of waiting for the answer. I agree to be part of your project. Congratulations.| Oh, yay for me. What about you guys? I can’t promise anything, but people do make money off stuff like this.
 No. You take pretty girls underwater in your private submarine, and you show them fish. Why does everything have to be dirty with you?| I was thinking we could work on this at night, and then maybe in a couple of weeks, we’ll have ourselves an app to sell.
 I think we should take a picture to capture this moment.| Yeah.
 Oh, dear Lord, shush.| What?
 What idea?| We’re gonna write an application…
 Whatever your secret is, I’m sure it’s boring, so I’m not interested.| It’s not boring at all. You see, in higher order mathematics, there are certain sets of equations that…
 Bored.| Satisfied?
 She befriends them, and then lies in wait until they reveal a marketable idea, which she steals and sells to the highest bidder.| That is ridiculous.
 Because the word secretary has fallen into disrepute. FYI, my mother’s birthday is coming up. I’m going to need you to pick up a present.| Okay, we need to stop for a minute.
 Leonard, please, we can talk during our break. We have one coming up at midnight. We’ll need snacks.| Sheldon, you’re not in charge. It’s my idea. I’m in charge.
 Oh, of course you are. Look at the organizational chart. You’re clearly listed as founder.| Well, yes, and you’re listed as Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer.
 You missed Chief Science Officer, Chairman of the Board, and Head of the Secret Santa Committee.| Okay. You need to get clear on this right now. I am in charge of this project.
 All right. All right, I’m not going to argue with you. Sheldon Cooper is nothing if not a team player. Dr. Hofstadter, you have the conn.| Thank you. I thought we might start by talking about the user interface.
 Good one, boss.| What?
 This diagram. I assume you were opening with a joke. It certainly buoyed up this employee’s esprit de corps.| It’s not a joke. It’s the real design.
 In that case, may I offer 27 little tweaks to make it slightly less embarrassing?| Sheldon, I think this will work. Let’s just try it my way.
 Oh, I’m, I’m sorry. I assumed that you wanted candid truth-telling from your employees, but I realize now, you want the mindless nattering of complacent yes-men.| Are you done?
 Does it? A happy accident.| We’re not doing names now. Howard?
 All right, fine. If we’re not going to give it a name, can we at least give it a secret code designation?| No.
 Well, but hear me out. The atomic bomb was The Manhattan Project. Windows 95 was originally Project Chicago. For our app, I would humbly suggest Project Nodlehs.| That’s just Sheldon backwards.
 Another happy accident.| We’re not wasting time with names right now.
 I see. Is that decision open for discussion?| No.
 Is the decision to not discuss it open for discussion?| No.
 I call for a vote of no confidence and an immediate change in leadership.| Oh Sheldon, stop it.
 When in the course of human events, it becomes necessary to dissolve the bonds that tie three competent scientists together…| That’s enough, Sheldon.
 All right, let’s get right to the vote. Show of hands all those opposed to Leonard and his reign of tyranny.| Okay, that’s it, you’re fired.
 Really? Why?| Because you’re impossible to work with.
 Oh. Good morning, shoemaker. I think you’ll be pleased with what the elves were up to last night.| But I fired you.
 Oh, I know. I’m now an independent contractor.| No, you are now nothing. You have no connection to this project whatsoever.
 But I made it better.| I don’t want it better. I want it my way.
 Well, that speaks volumes, doesn’t it? All right, I suppose I’ll go put on my bus pants.| What the hell are bus pants?
 They are pants one wears over one’s regular pants when one sits on bus seats that other people have previously sat on. But perhaps from your lofty heights atop the corporate ladder, you’ve lost touch with the struggles of the common man.| Look, I’m still happy to drive you to work. Nothing’s changed in that regard. We’re still roommates, we’re still friends.
 Except you identified me, your best friend, as a gangrenous limb that needed to be severed from the organism and tossed away. The desperate act of a little man with a big Napoleon complex.| You know what? Go put on your bus pants.
 Okay, let’s try this one. Spherical Hankel function.| Hold on. That’s it!
 Ah, a combination of all your names. Very clever. I assume Koothranardowitz was taken?| We’re actually scanning equations and getting good results.
 Oh, well then, by all means, carry on. I wouldn’t want to impede your progress.| Howard, did you solve the install time problem yet?
 No. It’s a little tricky. I’m gonna try having it pick up the libraries dynam…| What are you doing?!
 Playing the theremin.| No. I mean, what are you doing with a theremin?
 Playing it. I’ve loved the theremin from the first moment I heard the original Star Trek theme. And it’s been killing me that it just sits in my closet, gathering dust.| Sheldon! We’re working here!
 So, your project is more important than mine?| Well, seeing as your project is to sabotage my project, yes.
 Hey, look at this. 20 people from the university have already signed up for our private beta.| I’m telling you, the Lenwoloppali Differential Equation Scanner meets a real need. We’ve got a hit.
 Hi. I’m sorry to bother you guys, but you’ve got to come take your Sheldon back.| What’s he doing in your apartment?
 Well, he was moping down in the lobby, so I invited him over, and now I regret it.| Why do you regret, uh, never mind, stupid question.
 Look, can’t you just let him play with you until bedtime?| We’re not playing. This is real work.
 Okay. What if I got him to apologize and promise to behave?| Then I guess we would let him back on the app team, and while we’re doing that, you could take an aerial tour of L.A. on your flying pig.
 Before you begin, let me say again how deeply sorry I am for my earlier behaviour and how much I respect and admire your leadership.| Thank you. So as you can see, not only can you store your favourite equations, but you can forward them to your friends or post them on Facebook right from the app.
 Well, I must say, I am impressed.| Thanks.
 The what?| It’s an annual science conference. We’ve all been invited to speak.
 No, I really, I’m sorry, free what? Sorry, what, what?| I think her weekend just opened up.
 Wait, wait, just to be clear, when you guys say spa, does that mean the same thing as when regular people say it?| Pretty much. Except we keep our shirts on in the sauna.
 Good morning. If I could have everyone’s attention, please? I know we’re all eager to get on the road to Big Sur, so if we focus, I’m sure we can get through this orientation in under a half an hour. Then it’s just Q&A, quiz, safety drills, pose for commemorative group photo and we’re off.| Don’t worry. Just sit next to me during the quiz, and you can copy my answers.
 Brawny?| They’re bigger than mine.
 Indeed. Nothing sours a friendship more than over-familiarity with someone’s toilet routine.| I can vouch for that.
 Hey.| Not you, him.
 Oh. Thanks.| Although yours was an eye-opener.
 Leonard.| It was a late-night vote. We were all exhausted, and he was threatening to filibuster. It’s not technically Road Trip God, it’s Travel Supervisor.
 Hey, can I stay here tonight?| Shh-shh-shh-shh. Sheldon’s asleep. What’s going on?
 Well, Howard’s a complete and total ass, Bernadette’s in my bed, and no matter how much you stroke Amy’s hair, she bites.| What?
 Never mind. Can I stay here or not?| Uh, sure.
 All right.| So, how do you wanna do this?
 Well, I’m not getting in bed with him.| Yeah, it is a little like getting into Dracula’s coffin.
 We’re just gonna have to make the best of this.| Okay, when you say make the best of it.
 Sleep.| Right. So we’ll just call the middle here the Neutral Zone.
 The what?| Star Trek. You know, the Neutral Zone between the Federation and the Romulan Empire.
 Oh, okay. Just like old times.| Of course, sometimes the Federation and the Romulans would enter the Neutral Zone to negotiate a temporary truce.
 Sweetie, let me put this in a way you’ll understand. From the waist down, my shields are up.| Got it, got it. We can do all kinds of stuff from the waist up, you know?
 Go to sleep.| Good night.
 Yes.| No.
 Leonard, are you asleep?| No.
 I really appreciate you letting me stay here tonight.| Sure, no problem.
 I know it’s kinda weird.| True dat.
 True dat?| I’ve gotten a lot more street since we broke up.
 Right. Still mad at me about that?| No. No, I understand. I got too intense, you had to back off.
 Thank you.| I’ve gotten a lot better at that, you know. I’ve dated four different women since we broke up and I didn’t tell any of them that I loved them and wanted to have their babies.
 Good for you.| Okay, good night.
 Certainly. I’d like to raise two points. Number one, I think they are talking about penises. And number two, these mimosas are kicking my little brown ass.| I’d like to kick your little brown ass.
 What did I do?| Oh, I don’t know. Maybe when you walk into a hotel room and you see a guy getting back together with his girlfriend, you should consider doing something other than crawling into the adjoining bed.
 Um, Penny, that’s Glenn. Glenn, that’s Penny.| No!
 Leonard, can I ask you a question?| Sure.
 Are you bothered by the fact that your former girlfriend left the symposium with what is probably the most beautiful man I’ve ever seen in my life?| No. Why do you ask?
 Ooh, somebody took pictures and uploaded them to their Flickr account.| Wow. How do you get an entire lecture hall to flip you off at the same time?
 Hey, Leonard, is your wi-fi down? I can’t get on.| Oh, Sheldon changed the password. It’s now Penny is a freeloader. No spaces.
 Thanks. What are you guys doing?| Sheldon gave a lecture at the university tonight. We’re reading the reviews.
 That bad, huh?| Read this woman’s tweet.
 Listening to Dr. Cooper has made me want to start cutting myself again| Yeah.
 So, how’d the lecture go?| In a word, triumphant.
 In a word, triumphant.| Really? Triumphant?
 Oh, please let me tell him.| I don’t know, I kind of promised Howard.
 Oh, tweets about my lecture. Hmm. That’s rather unfair. That’s downright cruel. Plus, insects have six legs. Yeah, I’m not familiar with the acronym KMN.| Oh, uh, from the context, we think it means kill me now.
 Sheldon still moping?| Yeah, it’s weird. Even though he didn’t want to give the lecture in the first place, being rejected by those students really hit him hard.
 Labradoodle?| We might be starting to zero in on your problem.
 What happened?| Hang on. Hang on. Uh-huh. Okay, thank you. Howard was on his scooter, and got hit by a truck. He’s in critical condition.
 Did you hear? Isn’t it terrible?| Have you seen him?
 They wouldn’t let me in. Oh my Howie.| It’ll be okay. It’ll be okay.
 What?| S-Y-F-Y. Sy-fee.
 Yeah, okay, so, zombies.| I guess it depends on the zombies, Raj. Are we talking slow zombies, fast zombies? Like, in 28 Days, if those zombies didn’t eat, they starved.
 Hey, don’t bag on Sandra Bullock! You think it makes you look cultured, but you just come off as bitter.| Oh, Dr. Siebert, twelve o’clock.
 There you go.| Are you sure this is right?
 Excuse me, my girlfriend doesn’t pick out my clothes. My mother does.| Oh. We should get going.
 Sheldon is not going.| Really? What do we tell Siebert?
 Hey, put your tie back in your pants.| Thanks.
 No. We are very wealthy. But the only difference is, we have more servants.| More than this?
 Ah. There’s my band of brainiacs. Where’s Dr. Cooper?| He’s tearing the mask off nature to look at the face of God.
 Right. Fascinate me.| Uh.. b.. d.. uh.. uh..
 They’re cute when they’re about to wet themselves, aren’t they? I’ll make it easy for you. When you arrive at the lab in the morning, what sort of machine do you turn on?| Coffee maker?
 Oh, don’t be such gloomy Gusses. Look at the size of these shrimp! At what point do we start calling them lobsters?| Face it, Raj, we crashed and burned tonight.
 Oh, you didn’t do that badly.| Mrs. Latham, the first machine I turn on in the morning is the helium-neon laser, ’cause it needs to warm up.
 I no longer care, dear. But don’t worry, I really enjoyed meeting you this evening.| You’re kidding. That was good for you? ‘Cause I was sweating through my T-shirt.
 Excellent! There’s nothing I like better than making smart people feel ill at ease.| Why?
 An entire dinner to talk about your research? Where you going, the drive-thru at Jack in the Box?| Well, wherever we’re going, she’s sending a car to pick me up.
 Okay, I see what’s happening.| What?
 My stature intimidates her, so she’s using you to get to me. Crafty old gal.| Excuse me, but you are not the only distinguished scientist in this apartment. I’ve been published in peer-reviewed journals, I received a Dissertation of the Year award for experimental particle physics.
 Mrs Latham’s car.| That was a great meal.
 I’m glad you enjoyed it.| The only time I eat this well is when my mom’s in town and she takes me out to dinner.
 Is that so?| You kind of remind me of her. She enjoys making people uncomfortable, too.
 Well, you remind me of a boy I dated in college.| No kidding.
 Sweet boy. Very smart. If only he’d had money.| Yeah, um, so, hey, speaking of money, how are you feeling about helping the physics department get a cryogenic centrifugal pump and molecular sieve?
 Well, I must say, you make a very persuasive case for it.| Oh, good, good.
 Hey. How was dinner?| Swell. I need a drink. Do we have any alcohol?
 Leonard, are you okay?| Um, I’m not sure.
 What’s going on?| Well, Mrs. Latham said she was seriously considering donating money so we could get a cryogenic centrifugal pump.
 Yes!| Then she stuck her tongue down my throat.
 Okay, we can’t keep explaining everything. Read that book we got you.| She hit on me.
 Wait-wait-wait. Are you telling us that old lady wanted to have sex with you in exchange for giving your department millions of dollars?| I think so.
 You’re really a broken toy, aren’t you?| I was able to get out of there before anything else happened, but she wants to see me again tomorrow night.
 Excellent! What are you planning to wear?| What?
 Penny, you’re an expert on trading sexual favours for material gain, walk him through this.| Well, n-no, hold on a second, I’m not going to sleep with her.
 But we need a cryogenic centrifugal pump.| Well, forget it! It’s not gonna happen.
 Well, come now, Leonard, this may be your only chance to make a real contribution to science!| I repeat, not gonna happen.
 Hold on, I have something for you.| What’s this?
 Just a few things you may need tonight. There’s, uh, baby oil, condoms and, uh, a little something I procured from the school of pharmacology. They say it is to Viagra as Viagra is to a green M&M.| I am not going to have sex with her.
 Maybe this will overcome your reluctance. I went on the Internet and found a photograph of a 25-year-old Mrs. Latham to get your libido humming. Check out those saddle shoes. Rar!| Are you insane? I’m not going to prostitute myself just so we can get some new equipment.
 Oh, come on! Why not?| Good night, Sheldon.
 Hello, Leonard. I hope you’re hungry.| I’m very hungry. For food, right?
 Oh, I made you uncomfortable last night. I’m so sorry.| No, that’s okay.
 No, it most certainly is not. Leonard, I’m making the donation to your department regardless of what happens between us.| Really?
 Well, of course. There’s no quid pro quo here. You and your colleagues are doing remarkable research, and you deserve the money.| Oh. Then what was last night about?
 I took a shot, sue me.| Oh.
 You’re a very handsome man, Leonard.| Thank you.
 It was foolish of me to think someone your age might ever be interested in someone like me.| Oh, don’t say that. You’re a very attractive woman.
 Oh, please.| No, it’s true.
 Well, aren’t you sweet. Just for the record, you’d remember a night with me for the rest of your life.| I’m sure I would. But why, why, exactly?
 You’re a very smart man. How do you think I landed such a rich husband?| I hadn’t really given it much thought.
 Well, think about it.| Do you mean?
 Yep. I’m that good.| Oh, what the hell.
 Good morning, slut.| What?
 What’s going on?| Oh, nothing’s going on. Excuse me.
 Are you just getting home?| Yeah.
 I’m so proud of you! You sold yourself out like a common streetwalker!| No, I didn’t do it for the money.
 Again, read the book we gave you.| No, I mean, I, I, I got the money first.
 Smart. Get paid up front. Yeah, I think you have a real knack for gigolo work, Leonard.| Uh, I’m gonna go lie down.
 Ah, there he is! The man of the hour! He took one for the team!| I didn’t do it for the money!
 I need a place to crash.| Uh, sure. Why?
 Big fight with my mother.| Still arguing over which CSI is the best?
 What’s going on?| Howard’s gonna sleep here tonight. He had a fight with his mother.
 Did you offer him a hot beverage?| No.
 There’s no room. His sister is staying with him.| Wait, wait. What?
 Cocoa, Leonard. Focus. I’m down in the dumps here.| Priya’s in town?
 Yeah, some work thing. Anyway, my mother seems to think that Bernadette…| Hold on. When did Priya get here?
 I don’t know. A couple of days ago. The thing is, Bernadette doesn’t like that I have to take care of my mother, and my mother doesn’t trust Bernadette.| Yeah, that’s a real pickle. Bye.
 You can’t come in.| I just want to talk to her.
 Get out of the way. What are you doing here?| What are you doing here?
 I have business in Los Angeles.| Why didn’t you call?
 I’m sorry. I thought about calling, but I just wasn’t sure if seeing you was such a good idea.| I know. Last time I came on too strong. Can we talk in private?
 Yeah, but you were just sleeping, because I forboded you to have sex.| The word is forbade.
 My sister.| Penny, this is Raj’s sister, Priya.
 Sheldon!| Really?
 I’d love that.| I love the way you say, I’d love that.
 I’m not being a child. Leonard, I swear to God, if your sister ever comes to town, I shall have my way with her.| My sister’s 38 and married.
 I know. Pretty boring, huh?| Oh, come on. It’s not boring at all. She’s currently helping set up a secondary derivative market which would allow overseas car firms to hedge their investments against potential advancements in battery technology. Hmm?
 I took acting classes when I was at Cambridge. I loved it. We did Taming of the Shrew.| Oh, wow. I love Taming of the Shrew. I did a paper on it in high school. Who knows not where a wasp does wear his sting? In his tail.
 In his tongue.| Whose tongue?
 Yours, if you talk of tails, and so farewell.| What, with my tongue in your tail?
 Buona sera, Luigi’s Pizza. Buona sera. It means good evening in Italian. May I say, having to explain that to you calls into question the authenticity of your ristorante?| Okay, I’m out of here.
 But tonight’s Thursday. On Thursdays, everybody comes over here and has pizza. Or a reasonable facsimile prepared by someone claiming to be Luigi, but who sounds suspiciously like Jackie Chan.| Can’t we make a one-time exception for tonight?
 We could. We could also stop using the letter M, but I think that idea is isguided and oronic.| Just come with me to Raj’s.
 Well, I don’t want to go to a party.| It’s not a party. It’s the same group of people who hang out here, hanging out over there.
 I’m sorry, but five people eating and chatting is a party.| How come it’s not a party when we do it here?
 Because we don’t throw parties.| I don’t know what to tell you, Sheldon. I’m going to see Priya. Everyone’s over there. You coming or not?
 Well, no, sir, and do you know why? In a word, tradition. Every Thursday night for the last eight years, you and I and our friends have gathered here in this very spot to break bread covered with cheese and sauce, discuss the issues of the day, and yes, share a laugh or two. But I guess our rich heritage means nothing to you.| I guess you’re right. See you later.
 Wait! Leonard! Wait! What am I going to do for dinner?| Come with me to Raj’s and eat there.
 I can’t do that. What if he serves haggis and blood pudding?| I really doubt that’s what he’ll serve.
 But what if he does? I’ll be obliged to dine on liver and lungs stuffed in a sheep’s stomach. And frankly, blood pudding is essentially the same thing. I don’t know why he’s serving both.| What do you want to do? You want to come with me, or do you want to sit here alone?
 Oh, dear!| What?
 Raj’s television. I just realized we’re about to spend an evening watching a plasma screen with a cluster of dead pixels in the upper left-hand corner.| So don’t watch TV. Read a book.
 And be a social pariah? Oh, you know that’s not my style.| Ugh!
 The audible sigh is a show of exasperation, right?| Right.
 Hey, you’re just in time. We made Tex-Mex.| Oh, sounds great.
 Hey, you.| Hi.
 Oh, what fun. We’re like hippies at a love-in.| Just sit here.
 I’m setting out snacks.| You do realize everyone’s eating at Raj’s again tonight?
 I didn’t say the snacks were for you now, did I, Nosy Rosie?| You’re having people over?
 Yes. Must be killing you wondering who. Fine, I’ll tell you. Stuart from the comic bookstore, Barry Kripke from the university, Penny’s ex-boyfriend Zack and TV’s LeVar Burton.| Really? LeVar Burton’s coming here?
 Possibly. I Tweeted him.| Okay, well, tell him I loved him on Star Trek.
 Please, Leonard, stop trying to horn in on my new friends.| Of course. Good night.
 Leonard.| Yeah?
 We had a good run, you and I.| Okay.
 But change is a part of life.| It certainly is.
 Okay. I have guests coming. I’m afraid I’m going to have to ask you to leave now.| I am leaving.
 Don’t make this harder than it is, Leonard.| Good-bye, Sheldon.
 And good-bye to you, sir. He’ll be back.| Of course I’ll be back. I live here!
 When I was at university in England, my flatmate was from Texas.| I hope she wasn’t anything like my flatmate from Texas.
 Oh, please. That crazy bastard’s looking at quirky in the rearview mirror.| Did you know that, per our roommate agreement, I have to wash my feet before I get in the shower? And not in the sink. We each have special buckets.
 Nope. Gates gave a speech at the university. Sheldon went up to him afterwards and said, maybe if you weren’t so distracted by sick children in Africa, you could have put a little more thought into Windows Vista.”| Bam. Right in the nose. Made me proud to own a PC.
 I’d like to propose a toast to a rare and wonderful Sheldon-free evening.| Hear, hear.
 Why is it called a toast?| Oh, the ancient Romans put spiced toast in their punch bowls.
 Sheldon tells it better.| He kind of does.
 Yeah.| Aw, hell, I miss him.
 I’m sorry, Sheldon bought a loom and learned how to weave?| He actually got pretty good. He made us all matching serapes.
 Now, was this before or after he adopted the 25 cats?| Long before the cats. I think it was around the time he tried to declare our apartment a sovereign nation. I still have some of the currency.
 Thank you.| Hey. I thought you were with your new buddies.
 Morning.| Morning.
 Sleep okay?| Mm-hmm. Great. Hey, can I ask you something?
 Sure.| Last night, me wanting to try that stuff out of the Kama Sutra, was that fun for you or kinda racially insensitive?
 Yeah, just because you’re in bed with an Indian woman, you think that gives you permission to use crazy positions from an ancient Indian love manual?| Hey, if you can find a book called weird sex with white boys, I’d be okay with that.
 No, you have such beautiful eyes. Have you ever thought about getting contacts?| I tried in the seventh grade. I could never get used to them.
 Oh, that’s too bad.| Yeah, if I had contacts I would have been the coolest debate club president ever to be stuffed into his own cello case.
 If you had them on now, you could see what we’re going to do next.| Th-th-th-that’s okay. I can infer from context.
 Oh, hey!| Sorry! Oop!
 Not knowing is part of the fun. Was that the motto of your community college?| Hey, guys, what do you think? Priya took me clothes shopping.
 Hey, you look great. Good for you, Priya. I could never get that stupid hoodie off him when we were… well, you look great.| Thank you.
 Lets go hang everything up.| Yeah, good. New contacts. I should have done this years ago.
 How many Star Trek uniforms do you have?| Just two. Everyday and dress.
 Uh-huh. Listen, we need to talk about something.| Oh, my god, you’re breaking up with me! Why would you take me out shopping and then break up with me? That is so cruel.
 Leonard, I’m not breaking up with you.| Oh, okay. So, what’s up?
 It’s a little weird, your ex-girlfriend hanging out here all the time.| I know. I usually never see my ex-girlfriends, unless their hard drives crash.
 I’m just saying, how would you feel if I was hanging out with my ex-boyfriend?| Um, not great, I guess. But Penny and I are just friends.
 I don’t care. This is a woman you have slept with. If you want her around, then I have to wonder if maybe you’re not ready to move on.| No, no-no-no, I’m ready! I gave up the gift of sight for you. If that’s not moving on, what is?
 You need to cut the cord with Penny.| Oh. Okay.
 You don’t sound very confident.| No, no, I’m confident. It’s not like I’m unfamiliar with the get lost conversation. Although, this will be the first time I’ll be the one saying it.
 Thank you. I appreciate it.| Sure. Oh, god, you smell so good. Of course, that could just be my other senses getting stronger. Hypothetically, if I had access To a Lieutenant Uhura uniform, would you wear it?
 Leonard, it is a source of great pain to me and my family that my brother has that outfit in his wardrobe. Can we not discuss it?| I’m sorry. I’m, never mind.
 Hey, you. What happened with the contacts?| One of them’s upstairs. The other one sort of slipped back into my skull.
 Hey, is that one of the new shirts Priya got you?| Yeah.
 You don’t wanna wash that.| No?
 No, that’s silk. Seriously, what would you do without me?| Yeah.
 You know, I gotta tell you, I think you got a real winner with Priya.| Yeah, me, too.
 She seems really sweet. Believe me, you do not want to take that for granted. There are a lot of bitches out there.| Yeah, bitches are the worst.
 All right, well I’ll see you later.| Uh, Penny, there’s something I have to tell you.
 What?| Okay, uh, how do I put this? Um, are you familiar with Darwin’s observation of the finches in the Galapagos Islands?
 Did they make a movie about it?| No.
 Then no.| All right, well, anyway, Darwin observed that when two groups of finches competed over the same food source, eventually one of them would evolve a different beak shape so they could feed on something else.
 Okay.| So what do you think we can learn from that behaviour that we can apply to our own lives?
 Uh, a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush?| Sure, that has birds in it.
 It’s fun talking to you, Leonard, I always learn stuff.| I’m sorry, but I’m gonna count that.
 Do you really have to wear that in bed?| Yeah. The doctor didn’t want me to rub my eye during the night. It was either this or one of those giant neck cones.
 So did you get to talk to Penny?| Oh, yes. Indeed, I did.
 And?| She completely understood everything I said. Case closed.
 Was she upset?| Maybe, but that’s not my problem. She’s not my girlfriend, you are.
 I hope you weren’t cruel to her.| Is the autumn cruel for letting the flowers die, or is that just nature’s way?
 I think I figured out Wolowitz’s magic trick, and I need you to pick a card.| I am not opening that door, Sheldon.
 Drat. Is this your card?| No.
 Pick a card, Sheldon. Now look at it, and put it back in the deck. Now do you remember your card? Of course I do, I have an eidetic memory. My apologies. Now shuffle the cards. Shuffling. Wait here. Processing image, cross-referencing.| Whatcha doin’?
 I’m reverse engineering Wolowitz’s magic trick.| What’s up with the infrared cameras?
 I’m measuring residual heat levels on the playing cards to determine which one’s been touched. By the way, if you hope to have children, I suggest you switch from briefs to boxers. Your testicles look a tad warm.| Holy crap, are you connected to the Oak Ridge National Laboratory?
 Yes. I’m using their Cray Supercomputer to analyze shuffling patterns.| Sheldon, that computer is used for National defence. Hacking into it is a Federal crime.
 Relax, we’re not under attack right now.| Okay, I’m leaving before the black helicopters get here.
 It’s okay, I like Indian food.| Or as you probably call it back home, food.
 Why didn’t you wear your contacts? Don’t you like them?| No, no, I do. It’s just I knew I was having curry tonight and I only want one part of my body to burn at a time.
 You know, my company offered me a position here in Los Angeles.| Does that mean you’d relocate here permanently?
 You did talk to her, didn’t you?| Of course, I did. I talked and talked and talked.
 So, how’s the food here? Oh, wow, that is really, really good. Oh, I’m sorry. You guys are on a date. We can hang out anytime. Have fun.| Bye.
 Oh, that’s, hot, hot, hot, hot! Whoo! It really sneaks up on ya, huh? All right, I gotta go.| It is pretty spicy.
 Oh, hey, I was just on my way to work.| Oh, okay, it’s not important. It can wait.
 No, it’s all right. Walk me down. So, what’s up?| Uh, I kind of have a problem I was hoping you could help me with.
 Sure, anything.| Move out.
 What?| Well, uh, not far. Hey, if you ever wanna start a family, La Cañada has some great schools.
 Okay, I’m not moving anywhere. What the hell is this all about?| Why does it have to be about anything? Can’t a fella ask his buddy to relocate, no questions asked?
 Oh, for god’s sake, Leonard, this is about Priya, isn’t it? She doesn’t want me hanging out with you.| Yes. There, I said it.
 Okay, look, I happen to like your girlfriend.| And she likes you.
 No, she doesn’t.| Not really, no.
 It doesn’t matter. Look, I promise from now on I will keep my distance from you.| Well, now, hold on. What kind of distance are we talking about? Because we are neighbours. I mean, I can hear the toilet flush in your apartment.
 You can hear my toilet flush?| I don’t listen for it, but it’s nice to know everything’s okay with your plumbing. The building’s plumbing.
 Leonard, I get it. You’re in a new relationship now. And I’m happy for you. So why don’t we just shake hands and part friends?| Well, now hold on, how about this? How about we still hang out, but on the down-low?
 Are you really that kind of guy?| No. I actually felt kinda silly just saying on the down-low.
 Here. Breathe into this bag.| What’s going on?
 Are you the roommate?| Yeah, Leonard Hofstadter. What happened?
 Your friend here called 911 to report a robbery.| Oh, my God, what did they get?
 What didn’t they get? They got my enchanted weapons, my vicious gladiator armour, my wand of untainted power, and all my gold.| You called the police because someone hacked your World of Warcraft account?
 They took my battle ostrich.| Oh, no, not Glenn?
 Good luck, fellas.| Thank you, officer.
 Seriously?| Not the kind with access to drugs.
 No.| Thank you, officer.
 It’s all gone. All gone.| I’m really sorry, Sheldon.
 What kind of world do we live in, where a man would take another man’s battle ostrich?| I don’t know.
 Hey.| Hey, Penny. We’re kind of in the middle of a crisis, here.
 Maybe if you stop dropping your sword and bending over to pick it up.| Okay, what exactly are we looking for?
 Leonard, is this going to take much longer? I thought we were going to spend some time together.| Uh, we are. In the meantime, you’re welcome to whip up a quick character and join us.
 Seriously?| Well, you have to put in a credit card number, but it’s fun.
 Our troll just walked in! I got him!| We got him. We’re almost done.
 I don’t care! I’m losin’ it, man!| Why don’t we play this smart? Try a little good goblin, bad goblin.
 Okay, I see where this is going. Fine, I’ll have sex with him.| That’s not where it was going.
 Leonard, you’re busy, let’s talk tomorrow.| Oh, wait. Hang on. Are you upset?
 No, no, I think it’s sexy to date a boy trapped in a man’s body.| Good, good. I’ll tell you what happens.
 Oh, no, don’t put me in the middle of this. I’m not going to be your go-between.| Come on, help me out. Am I in trouble?
 There’s no reason to worry.| That’s a relief.
 What?| Really?
 Well, quite a bit, actually.| I’ll bet he’s some loser who lives with his parents.
 Excellent! It’s in a cul-de-sac. We can box him in.| Hold on, you’re thinking of going there?
 Carlsbad is only a couple of hours away.| Fine. You walk up to the house, knock on the door and demand your stuff back. What if he says no?
 I don’t know if you’ve been following the news, Leonard, but there have been some terrific advancements in the field of torture.| No one’s getting tortured.
 Fine. Leonard?| Oh, geez, I don’t know if I can ditch Priya two nights in a row.
 Oh, come on, man. Bros before… my sister.| Aw, screw it. I’m in.
 Sitar music for her ringtone is not cool, dude.| Hit the… Hey, sweetie. Yeah, I’m sorry. I’m gonna be working late. I, I, I miss you, too. Okay, sure, I’ll call you when I get home. Okay, bye-bye.
 Yeah, we’re kind of bad-asses, aren’t we?| Totally.
 No weapon strikes more fear into a man’s heart than a Klingon bat’leth.| Okay, let’s get clear on something. We’re just going to tell this guy to transfer all of your stuff back into your account and then be on our way. No one’s bat’lething anybody.
 So my blade shall not taste blood tonight?| No.
 Well, now I just feel silly holding it.| Come on.
 Legoland seems like a hollow dream now.| Oh-oh.
 What’s the matter?| Something’s wrong, I’m not getting any gas. Anybody know anything about internal combustion engines?
 19th-century technology.| Does anybody know how to fix an internal combustion engine?
 No, not a clue.| Well, we’d better call somebody to come pick us up.
 No problem. So, Leonard, I think it’s interesting you didn’t call your girlfriend to come get you.| Uh, I kind of told her I was working.
 So you lied to her. Also interesting.| Yeah, she doesn’t really understand the whole Warcraft adventure-role-playing thing.
 All right. Hang on.| What are you doing?
 Thank you. My father taught me archery as a child. It’s odd how the activity brings back the smell of Kmart bourbon.| Perfect.
 I know. What an elf I would have made. Whoo, what do you think you’re doing?| Shooting at a target?
 With what?| An arrow.
 Really? I didn’t see you draw one from your quiver.| I’m not going to do that, Sheldon.
 She was attempting to engage me in gossip.| You don’t say?
 Yes. I think prolonged exposure to Penny has turned her into a bit of a Gabby Gertie.| So, what’s the gossip?
 Oh, please, I was just pointing it out. I have no desire to engage in the activity.| Fine, don’t tell me.
 All right, get this. Bernadette is thinking about breaking up with Howard.| Oh. That’s too bad. I wonder what happened.
 Mm, it’s hard to say. I can only speculate based on the data I collected watching my parents’ marriage implode. In that case, the woman dives into religion, while the man dives into a bottle-blonde bartender who tries to buy my love with action figures. Oop! Out of arrows.| Boy, you sure get your money’s worth out of these games.
 Sure.| Oh, God.
 What?| It’s okay. You didn’t know. I’ll take care of it.
 What, what did I do?| Sheldon doesn’t allow flossing that close to the mirror.
 You’re kidding.| It’s a splatter thing. There’s a little piece of tape on the floor you’re supposed to stand behind.
 That’s madness.| I know. Just do it. There’s a big inspection coming up, and I don’t want to lose my TV privileges.
 You really need to let me take a look at that roommate agreement one of these days.| Mm, I don’t know. I get a lawyer, he gets a lawyer, it’s just easier to stand behind the tape.
 Oh, by the way, a fellow at work said I could use his Dodger tickets this weekend. Does that sound like fun?| Yeah! Dodgers are baseball, right?
 You’ll need to explain the game to me.| Mm, it’s complicated, but as I remember it, the essentials are, get chosen last, get hit by the ball, cry, go home.
 Well, regardless, I’ve got four tickets, and I was thinking we can bring Bernadette and Howard. She’s really interesting, and I bet I can get used to him.| Well, it might not be a great idea to invite those two.
 Why not?| Don’t tell anybody I told you, but I heard she might be breaking up with him.
 Oh, too bad. Although I do know one person for whom that’s good news.| Really? Who?
 My brother. He’s got a big crush on Bernadette.| What? You’re kidding!
 Mmm. I found poems he wrote about her. Very disturbing. Oh, Bernadette, please play my clarinet.| Wow, that’s hard to believe.
 Yes. And for years, everyone in my family was convinced that he was the clarinet enthusiast. Hmm. What’s that piece of tape?| Oh, that one doesn’t apply to you. You sit.
 Hey! How’s it going?| Not too bad. Did you hear about Howard and Bernadette?
 ‘Course I heard about it. How did you hear about it?| I heard about it from Sheldon. He got it from Amy.
 Oh, damn it. I told Amy that in the strictest confidence. Boy, some people are such blabbermouths. Well, whatever, I’m sure Bernadette can do better.| Do you think a sexually ambivalent Indian astrophysicist with selective mutism and alcohol issues is better than a hundred-pound Jewish guy who lives with his mom?
 You are kidding. Raj likes Bernadette?| I didn’t say Raj. Who said Raj?
 Okay, give. How do you know? Did he tell you?| No.
 Well, then who?| I can’t say.
 Priya told you. What a little gossip. You know, not an attractive quality in a woman, Leonard. Not judging, just my opinion.| Well, The point is, if this got out, it would destroy Howard and Raj’s friendship.
 You don’t have to worry. Unlike Amy and Priya, I know how to keep a secret.| You’re the one who told Amy in the first place.
 I’ve been thinking about Dr. Greene’s efforts to make science palatable for the masses.| Oh, yeah? What about it?
 Hmm? Oh, I’m sorry. I was somewhere else.| Lucky bastard.
 Oh, no. I hope everything’s okay.| Whatever it is, we’re here for you. You can tell us anything.
 I’m gonna ask her to marry me.| Marry you?
 Yeah. I just need to figure out the right time to pop the question.| Oh, I’d wait.
 Why are you smiling?| Yeah, Raj, why?
 Hey.| Hope you’re hungry.
 Interesting. A friendly sentiment in this country, cruel taunt in the Sudan. It’s a lesson in context.| Will Amy be joining us for dinner?
 Yes, I believe so.| Good, good. Everything okay between you two?
 Yes. Why do you ask?| No reason. I was just talking to Raj, and he mentioned what a lovely glow she has these days.
 Did he mean as if she’d been out in the sun, tending an herb garden without wearing a hat or sunblock?| No. That’s not what he meant.
 Well, we may never know. As my mother would say, the Asians are an inscrutable folk. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have work to do.| Yeah, you do. You dog, you.
 Hey, everybody, I got something I want to ask Bernadette, and I can’t think of a better time than when I’m with all my friends.| Oh, hold on, Howard. There’s lots of better times.
 Oh, I love you, too.| Congratulations!
 As good an explanation as any.| That’s great.
 Leonard, are you in the shower?| I can’t hear you, I’m in the shower.
 I asked if you were in the shower, but that’s moot now.| What?
 Moot. Rendered unimportant by recent events.| I can’t hear you, I’m in the shower.
 I have to skip the chitchat. Emergency.| What kind of emergency?
 Mathematical. 32-ounce banana smoothie, 16-ounce bladder.| You might not want to do that.
 I assure you I do.| Sheldon, I’m not alone in here.
 What are you doing in there? She can’t be in here.| We were in here first, you can’t be in here.
 Dr. Leonard Hofstadter, you are officially charged with two violations of the roommate agreement. Do you waive reading of the charges?| Yeah, fine.
 Hang on. No, my client does not waive reading of the charges.| Oh. Cool. I’ve got a lawyer. And I’ve seen her naked.
 I think I can handle it.| Top of her class, Cambridge University. Licensed to practice law in three countries. And your face.
 There’s no buts, Sheldon, that’s how the law works.| Schooled!
 As for the shower capacity issue, I cite addendum J. When Sheldon showers second, any and all measures shall be taken to ensure an adequate supply of hot water. I believe this supercedes the occupancy issue.| Superceded!
 This isn’t over.| No offence, but shower sex with you is now the second best thing that’s happened today.
 What is that you’re eating? Tonight is pizza night.| I’d like to refer that to my attorney.
 This is Greek food? Leonard, you hate Greek food.| Not as much as you.
 Fine. I’m nothing if not adaptable.| I got you the lamb kabob.
 Oh, good, you’re up. I’ve written a new and improved roommate agreement that benefits me greatly. I’d like you to sign it.| Why would I want to do that?
 Excellent question. Do you remember what happened to the alien, played by talented character actor Frank Gorshin, in the Star Trek episode Let That Be Your Last Battlefield?| Uh, Captain Kirk activated the self-destruct sequence and threatened to blow up the Enterpriseand kill them both unless he gave in?
 Self-destruct sequence activated.| What are you gonna do, Sheldon, blow up the apartment?
 Oh, my God.| What’s the big deal?
 Trust me, it’s a big deal.| They’re gonna find out about me eventually, right?
 20 seconds.| Are you ashamed of me?
 Of course not.| Then why can’t we tell your parents?
 Okay, fine, Sheldon, you win. Turn it off.| No, he’s bluffing.
 I never bluff. Ten.| It’s blackmail!
 Three.| Really?
 Two.| Okay, I’ll sign it!
 Good news. I finally have a handle on my idea for three-person chess.| That is good news. Bye.
 Uh, do you know how I solved the balanced centre combat-area problem? Five words, transitional quadrilateral to triangular tessellation.| That, that’s brilliant.
 It’s what I do. But wait, there’s more. I also invented two new chess pieces. The serpent, and the old woman.| Okay, now I have to ask. What do they do?
 When the serpent slithers to an opposing player’s piece, that piece is considered poisoned and will die after two more moves. Ugh.| All right.
 Unless, it gets to the old woman in time, in which case she sucks out the poison, turning her into the Grand Empress, a piece combining the power of the knight, queen and serpent.| Elegant.
 That’s because it’s simple.| Okay, well, I look forward to playing with you.
 And…| And what?
 And a third person. It’s three-person chess. I must say, ever since you started having regular intercourse, your mind has lost its keen edge. You should reflect on that.| Excuse me, but Einstein had a pretty busy sex life.
 Yes, and he never unified gravity with the other forces. If he hadn’t been such a hound dog, we’d all have time machines.| Got it. Bye.
 Oh, my metatarsal are barking.| You okay?
 Yeah, yeah. I’m just breaking in some new shoes.| Very pretty.
 Thank you. Did you know that women wear high heels to make the buttocks and breasts more prominent?| Hadn’t really thought about it.
 Look.| Uh, sure. Very… prominent.
 Please, Leonard, don’t leer, you have a girlfriend.| Sorry.
 So, are you off to dinner with Priya, Howard and Bernadette?| Yeah. How did you know?
 Hey, you.| Hi. Hey, Raj, will you be joining us for dinner?
 I have to feel sorry for myself. I’m the only one who cares. Just like I’m the only one who’ll have sex with me.| Really? In front of your sister?
 Then the studio must have real faith in it.| Wonder why she didn’t tell me.
 Have you been spending time with your ex-girlfriend?| No.
 Then why are you surprised she didn’t tell you?| Well, it’s not as much surprised as, uh, uh, you know, uh. th-th-th-the other thing.
 What other thing?| Well, you know, if you, if, if, if you, uh, I don’t, oh, what’s the word I’m looking for?
 Yeah. But Leonard’s impressive, too.| Thank you. Befuddled. The word I was looking for was befuddled.
 I’m not grilling you, I was just curious.| I still can’t get over the fact that she got a big movie part. Not that I care what my ex-girlfriend’s up to, ’cause I don’t.
 He’s a consultant.| I thought the movie was about 18th-century Vienna?
 Who wants some more coffee?| Thanks, yeah.
 Nice to see that the gals are getting along.| Gals? Who are you, Fred Flintstone?
 Okay, well, it’s getting late. This was terrific. You win. Bernie?| I think the word you’re looking for is befuddled.
 When it’s done charging. Or you land on the time machine. Obviously.| Oh, oh, Beekeeper to King 12. I capture your Pope and release the swarm. Checkmate on Sheldon.
 I know. But if she orders something low-fat I’ll totally give her the full-fat version.| Uh, that’s my water.
 What?| My water. You’re drinking it.
 Dear Lord! Have you been drinking it?| Yes. It’s my water.
 Well, that’s it then. I’m dead.| Here we go.
 He drank from Leonard’s glass. Words they’ll be carving into my tombstone.| That’s actually my napkin.
 Nothing soothes those pre-wedding jitters like the thought of falling and drowning.| What did your mother say when you told her you were getting married?
 I gargled with tequila and may have swallowed a teeny bit.| You all right?
 Check it! Howard pulls one out from under the bridge. Nice!| Water nymph.
 Hope so. Of course, if history is any indication, my mother will swallow her whole and spit out her bones like an owl.| Have you met Bernadette’s parents?
 Oh, dear Lord!| That’s not your water.
 Oh, my God, you’re about to jibber-jabber about jibber-jabber.| Howard and his mother are at the hospital. Come on, we gotta go.
 Oh, my God! What happened?| I don’t know, I just got a text. Come on, hurry.
 Okay.| Sheldon, let’s go!
 Not all germs. Just the ones that will kill me. It’s the same way I’m not afraid of all steak knives, just the ones that might be plunged in my thorax.| Right, fine. I’ll tell Howard you didn’t come because you’re more concerned about your own well-being than his.
 What can I tell you? After I found the courage to put her pants back on, I was unstoppable.| So, how is she?
 Disagree.| Go sit over there.
 I’ll sit over there, it looks cleaner.| Is there a history of heart disease in your family?
 Sure. We’re going to the cafeteria to get some coffee. You want anything?| I’m fine. That’s nice that they’re getting along.
 Your girlfriend and your ex-girlfriend are hanging out together? Oh, yeah, that can only be good for you.| What are you talking about?
 One of them broke up with you. Do you really want her telling the other one why?| I don’t care. I don’t have anything to hide.
 Good, good. Then you have nothing to worry about.| No, I do not. You are a mean little man.
 Like what?| Every once in a while, before we’d go to bed, I’d put on a little show for her.
 What do you mean, a show?| Well, you know, the way I took my clothes off.
 Like, to music?| I’d look pretty stupid if there was no music.
 So you’d do a striptease?| I wasn’t swinging around a pole.
 Good, good.| There was one time I put body glitter on.
 Well, I don’t think you have to worry about Penny telling my sister that.| No, she wouldn’t.
 Your big problem is me telling her.| You really are a mean little man.
 Yeah, I know, right?| Hey, what took you guys so long?
 Oh, we were just chatting.| That’s nice. What about?
 We were just comparing notes about how you are in the sack.| That’s funny.
 What if she wasn’t kidding?| It doesn’t matter. I’m the king of foreplay.
 He takes the elf from off the shelf.| Hell Hounds.
 Uh..| Sure
 Uh, I’ll have the Shepherd’s Pie. You want to split that with me?| Oh, no, no, no, he doesn’t.
 Why not?| Well, you have milk in the taters, milk in the gravy, parmesan crust. Your lactose-intolerant boyfriend will turn into a gas-filled Macy’s Day balloon.
 Not quite accurate. The Macy’s balloons are filled with helium, whereas Leonard produces copious amounts of methane.| So, no, on the Shepherd’s Pie. Can we move on?
 You gotta like this, the girlfriend and the ex-girlfriend bonding over your rooty-tooty stinky booty.| Kill me.
 Bernadette, before you change the subject, does anyone have any final comments on Leonard’s faulty digestive system?| So, what’s your news, Bernadette?
 Thank you.| So, Howard, tell us, how’s it feel knowing that when you two get married, you’ll be referred to as Mr. and Dr. Wolowitz?
 What?| Bernadette, that’s great. Howard, do you make a buttload?
 Better than what you’ve got a buttload of.| Hey, if I roll down the windows in the car, everything’s peachy. If you do it, you’re still not a doctor.
 I was sleeping.| In my bed?
 Well, I would’ve slept in my own bed, but it was being used to bring shame to my family. And the memory of Gene Roddenberry.| Oh, you heard?
 Scotty, I need more power.| Sorry. Does Sheldon know you’re sleeping in here?
 Are you kidding? He made me sign a waiver, participate in an emergency fire drill and take a refresher course in CPR. Thank God he had a dummy.| Oh, yeah. Mouth-to-Mouth Mona. You know, she used to date Howard?
 Oh, my God, she’s that Mona? Why can’t you and my sister spend your nights here?| We tried. She doesn’t get along with Sheldon.
 Sheldon doesn’t get along with Sheldon. It’s still no reason for me to have to listen to you arm your photon torpedoes every night.| Okay, well, how about this. Until Priya gets her own place, you stay here and I’ll stay at your apartment.
 Can I bring girls here?| You? Sure. Bring as many as you want.
 Okay, deal.| Just not against their will.
 Why?| If you’re gonna be a trophy husband for a rich wife, you might want to watch your waistline.
 Yeah, ha-ha. First of all, I’m not threatened by my fiancée’s success. I’m proud of her. And secondly, I have my own career.| Until you have kids.
 Did you sign this?| There’s a reciprocity clause. You get to pull the plug on him, too.
 Congratulations and welcome temporarily aboard. Here’s your I.D. Card, your key and your lapel pin. Which Leonard was too cool to wear. FYI, part of your responsibilities as roommate pro tem will be to drive me to and from work, the comic book store, the barbershop and the park for one hour every other Sunday for fresh air.| Bring a ball or a Frisbee, you know, something he can chase.
 Also, you’re tasked with bringing home all takeout dinners. Tonight is Thai food. You’ll find the standard order in appendix B or downloadable from my FTP server. If you have any questions, here’s the FAQ sheet, or if you prefer the human touch, I do a live web chat called Apartment Talk on Tuesday nights.| No backsies.
 Leonard, sweetheart, we’re kissing, not eating hot soup.| Sorry.
 Oh, we’ve been through this. It’s not the time.| When is the time?
 I’ve got five brothers and sisters. One of them is bound to screw up real big, and then I’ll tell my parents about you. Now, shoo.| Fine.
 I’ll sleep so much better when you move back here next month.| You’re moving back to India?
 Oh, my God! There’s someone in your apartment. Call the police in America!| When were you going to tell me about this?
 Why are you lying to us?| She’s lying because she doesn’t want you to know we’re dating.
 Leonard!| Well, what difference does it make? If you’re moving back to India, we’re obviously breaking up.
 You know what? I don’t want to deal with this right now.| So. Hot in India?
 Of course it is. It always is. It’s India. Now, what do you have to say for yourself?| Uh. That is a beautiful tapestry.
 What are you doing here?| What?
 I said, what are you doing here?| I live here.
 I have paperwork that says differently.| Priya’s going back to India.
 Leonard, do you understand this?| Yes.
 It’s not what it looks like. It’s not what it looks like.| What are you grinding about?
 Penny’s brain teaser this morning. She and Koothrappali emerge from your bedroom. She is dishevelled, and Raj is dressed only in a sheet. The sole clue, it’s not what it looks like.| Just let it go, Sheldon.
 No, you weren’t listening. She said, it’s not what it looks like.| She lied.
 Hey.| Hey.
 Hey. Leonard, is it awkward for you knowing that one of your dear friends had sexual intercourse with a woman you used to love in the very place you lay your head?| No, I’m fine with it.
 That sounds like sarcasm, but I’m going to disregard it, because I have an agenda. Paintball. Specifically, the interdepartmental tournament this weekend. Now, in order to function better as a fighting unit, I thought we should establish a chain of command. Now, it goes without saying that I would outrank the three of you, but the question remains, by how much? Now, I don’t see me as some four-star general, back at HQ riding a desk and playing golf with the Secretary of Defence. But I also can’t be Sergeant Cooper, because that might lead you to think of me as just a regular Joe. This might take some thought. As you were.| What the hell is wrong with you?
 Hey, if I wasn’t engaged to Bernadette, that totally could have been me.| Please. Sheldon would have been before you, and he might not even have genitals.
 He’s the Hindu version of Cupid, but way better, because he rides a giant parrot.| Raj, come on. You fall in love with any girl who smiles at you. A month ago, you were writing poems about his fiancee.
 Rubbish. He’s talking rubbish.| Oh, Bernadette, please play my clarinet.
 Who said that? Leonard, I can hear your voice, but I can’t see you.| I’m not in the mood, Sheldon.
 Hello, dear.| You called my mother?
 He’s been like that since he was a toddler. Look, Mommy, a butterfly. Maddening.| What’s going on? What do you want?
 Sheldon informed me that you’re experiencing an emotional upheaval, and I’m here to help.| That’s so nice.
 And we’re back to the obvious. Now, what’s up?| Well, uh, okay, um, I don’t want to get back together with Penny. We tried it, it was crazy, it didn’t work, but I can’t deal with the fact that she slept with my friend Raj. And then I find out that Raj’s sister Priya, who I’ve been going out with for eight months, is moving back to India. So I’m just completely confused and alone.
 I understand.| Got any advice?
 Yes. Buck up.| Excuse me. You’re a world-renowned expert in parenting and child development, and all you’ve got is buck up?
 Sorry. Buck up, sissy pants.| Thanks, Mother. I feel much better.
 Give it a second to load. Whenever you’re ready, AT&T! Okay, here we go. This is us here. To the south is Professor Loomis and the Geology Department. According to their Twitter feed, they’re out of sunblock, which means they’ll have to hug the tree line or risk melanoma. That’s our edge. All we have to do is move quickly over this ridge, the rock-worshipping pasty-faced bastards won’t know what hit them. All right, let’s move out.| Hang on, Sheldon. How could you not tell me your sister was moving back to India?
 Screw you. That was a beautifully written penis metaphor.| You know what, guys, I’m not in the mood for paintball. What do you say we just bag it?
 You can’t quit. That’s a court-martial offence. That’s punishable by… You can’t quit.| Sorry, Sheldon, it’s just not a good time for playing games.
 This is a game to you? Uh, was the Battle of Antietam a game? Huh? Was the sack of Rome a game?| Yes, no and no.
 No. Jamba Juice is for heroes. And that’s what we’re going to be.| What are you doing?
 Damn those sons of bitches!| Let’s get ’em!
 Hi. You guys have a minute?| Uh, yeah, sure.
 Anyways, I wanted you guys all to know that I’ve been taking a really hard look at things and come to the conclusion I have to stop kidding myself. I suck at acting. It’s time for me to move back to Nebraska.| You’re leaving?
 Now, the H is for Her.| I’m proud of you.
 What are you doing?| Oh, uh, Priya’s calling in a few minutes on Skype, and we are gonna have a dinner date.
 It’s eight o’clock in the morning in Mumbai. How can she have dinner?| Fine, whatever. Priya will be having breakfast.
 All right, so technically it’s not a dinner date. I suppose you could call it a, uh, dinfast date. But if you did, you’d open yourself to peer-based mocking, such as, Hey, Leonard, how was your dinfast with Priya last night?| That doesn’t sound like mocking.
 Oh, yes, Priya. Leonard, you know I make a point of never interfering in your personal affairs.| Yes, I’ve always admired that about you.
 As well you should. But I’m going to make an exception here.| Oh, good.
 Priya has moved back to India to pursue her law career. Instead of desperately trying to keep this intercontinental relationship alive, you could use that time to take up a hobby.| A hobby?
 Yes. I read recently about a fellow in Kansas with an enormous ball of twine. I bet you could give him a run for his money.| You know, some people might say that it’s great that we’re trying to make things work long distance. They’d say things like, love is stronger than the miles between you.
 When I rise to power, those people will be sterilized.| You video-chat with Amy all the time. How is this different?
 Don’t you like Amy?| Of course I like Amy.
 I miss you.| Oh, I miss you, too.
 Pretty sweet, huh? This little baby set the university back 175 grand.| That’s three minutes. Should we see what we got?
 Hand me the tuna melt.| Yep.
 Thank you. How’s it going with the long-distance love affair?| Not easy, but we’re making it work.
 When you say making it work, does that include doing the cyber nasty?| What?
 Hey, Leonard jiggling his junk at her through a webcam has got to be easier for you to deal with than him actually touching her with it.| There’s no junk jiggling. We just talk.
 Are you insane? With high-speed Internet, you have at your fingertips the greatest advancement in the field of sex since the invention of the washcloth.| I can’t do that.
 Just his head, right?| I don’t want to talk about it. You didn’t catch bugs from Penny’s chair.
 Yes, I did. And now they’re cavorting at the base of my hair follicles like dancing hippies at the Redwood National Forest.| Sheldon, you do this all the time. You fixate on some crazy idea and then blow it way out of proportion.
 Name one time I’ve ever done that.| How about when you put GPS trackers in your garbage because you were convinced North Korean spies were stealing your doodles? The chicken nuggets you were sure were human nuggets. The strangely-shaped cloud that was following you around town. The time you put on my shirt by mistake and were convinced you’d started growing again.
 All right.| Uh, you’re a naughty girl. And, and, uh, I, I want to punish you with my love?
 What?| Not good?
 That’s terrible. Try again.| Okay. Uh, uh, you’re not naughty. Uh, you’re, you’re, you’re dirty. You’re, you’re a, a dirty girl?
 Oh, yes. Yes, I am.| Yeah, yeah. Uh, okay. You’re a, you’re a, you’re a, a dirty, disgusting, revolting girl. Ugh!
 God, Leonard, stop talking.| Why don’t you just give me five minutes? I’ll Google how to do this. I’ll call you right back.
 Shh-shh-shh. Just be quiet and do what I tell you.| Okay, like usual. Good.
 Take off your shirt.| All rightie. Shirt coming off. Ta-da! Man nipples.
 I said be quiet.| Yes, ma’am.
 Now take off your shorts.| Taking shorts off. There we go. Naked, naked, naked!
 Here I am, baby. You miss these?| Oh, damn it!
 Oh, Leonard! Already?| No, no! No-no-no! The screen froze. It’s probably just buffering, just give it a second.
 Fine.| So, how are your mom and dad?
 Yeah, I really don’t want to talk about my parents now.| Yeah. Sure, sure.
 Leonard…| That’s right, say my name, and beg me for more, ’cause, I’m gonna give it to you.
 No, Penny, don’t give up, you can get this.| Aren’t you going with Sheldon?
 No, I have no interest in model trains, stores that sell them, nor their heartbreaking clientele.| Oh. Well, I have some work to do, so…
 I can’t imagine that would disturb me. Carry on.| Okay. Wouldn’t you be more comfortable at home?
 Not really, no.| All righty then. Guess I’ll just get started.
 Yo.| You okay?
 Oh, sure.| I thought you were reading.
 I was. Now I’m thinking about what I read. You all right, Leonard? You seem very uncomfortable.| I, I’m fine.
 Should I go? I’ve been told sometimes I overstay my welcome.| What, who told you that?
 Well, most recently my gynaecologist.| Well, you stay as long as you’d like.
 How was your shower?| It was good, good. Just out of curiosity, what time do you usually go to bed?
 Oh, I’m up all night. I’m like a possum. Boy, you were not liked in high school, were you?| Not really. Is that my yearbook?
 Mm-hmm. Dear Leonard, you’re really good at science. Maybe one day you’ll come up with a cure for being a dork.| Well, it wasn’t spray-painting a lightning bolt on my briefcase, I can tell you that.
 If it makes you feel any better, the only person who signed my yearbook was my mother.| Aw.
 You don’t know the half of it. It was billed as a lively give-and-take on the merits of model train sizes. But it was actually a set-up to intimidate weak-minded spineless rubes into buying H-O starter sets.| What’s in the bag?
 Well, I had a delightful evening, Leonard. We should do this again sometime.| Ah, sure. That’d be nice.
 Glad to hear it. I need someone to accompany me to the wedding of Dr. Moranelli and Dr. Gustufson this Friday. They’re kind of the Brad and Angelina of the primatology department.| Wouldn’t you rather bring Sheldon?
 Perhaps you’re right. My cheekbones and beckoning pelvis already have a certain hello sailor quality to them.| Ready.
 Put the corsage on her.| Amy, this is for you.
 Would you like to dance?| No, thank you. I’m really not much of a dancer.
 You’re not exactly winning any trophies as a conversationalist, either.| I’m sorry. The bride and groom seem happy.
 Why shouldn’t they be? They have a feverish night of socially-approved copulation ahead of them. In some cultures, we’d stand outside of their bedroom cheering as they achieved orgasm.| That sounds like a late night, and I have work in the morning, so…
 Leonard, you may not have noticed, but I am being a delight here. And you’re not holding up your end of the evening.| Oh, sorry. This wedding just reminds me of my kinda-sorta girlfriend 9,000 miles away.
 I have a kinda-sorta boyfriend who’s playing with a model train right now, you don’t hear me bitching about it. Leonard, a word of advice, moody self-obsession is only attractive in men who can play guitar and are considerably taller than you.| I’m not moody. I’m fun.
 You have any evidence to support that statement?| Well, hey, I’m just as much fun as you are.
 Really? Are you willing to draw a moustache on your finger as a conversational icebreaker? I am.| Okay, fine, what do you suggest?
 We just had a lovely meal, the band is on fire, and you’re sitting next to a beautiful woman wearing whorish makeup. Why don’t we head outon the dance floor and see if I can sweat through these dress shields.| Once again, I, I’m really not much of a dancer.
 There we go, last floor.| I just can’t figure out what happened. I put my left leg in, I took my left leg out, I put my left leg in, and something just snapped.
 The hokey pokey is a young man’s game.| I did have a great time. Thank you for reminding me it’s okay to have fun once in a while.
 You’re welcome.| And also for breaking the head off the ice swan so I could hold it against my pulled groin.
 I excel at spatial reasoning, and I had a hunch that the graceful slope of its neck would cradle your genitals nicely.| Well, okay. Again, thank you.
 And again, you’re welcome.| Want to come in, have a cup of tea?
 No, thanks. I’m gonna head home.| Okay. Well, good night.
 Leonard. Check it out. I bought an N-gauge locomotive. Half the size of H-O. Look, it fits in my mouth.| Sounds like you had a great night.
 I did. How was yours?| Not bad. I had a lot more fun with Amy than I thought I would.
 To send a message. She is not for you.| What?
 Seventeen. The ogre is amused by your joke and allows you to pass. By the by, I liked it, too.| Hey, how go the wedding plans, Howard?
 Great. We spent five hours last night at Macy’s registering for gifts. Looks like I’m finally going to have that darling little earthenware asparagus dish I’ve always wanted.| See, this is the good thing about having a girlfriend 9,000 miles away. I can spend my nights doing whatever I want.
 You mean like playing nerd games with us and then taking a suspiciously long shower?| Maybe. We enter the dungeon.
 When you play Chutes and Ladders, do you complain about all the chutes and all the ladders?| Are you gonna eat that whole pie?
 Maybe. Why not? Who do I have in my life to watch my figure for?| Oh, God, did you watch Bridget Jones again?
 No, it’s just that everybody’s got someone. Sheldon’s with Amy, Howard’s getting married, you’re dating my sister.| Now that Howard’s getting married, maybe he’ll inflate one of his old girlfriends for you.
 Let’s see what I’ll be washing that succotash down with. A pitcher of margaritas.| Do you really want that?
 Because it’s working. In the past few weeks, unburdened by trivial decisions, I’ve co-authored two papers in notable peer-reviewed journals, and I’m close to figuring out why the Large Hadron Collider has yet to isolate the Higgs boson particle.| You left out, got chafed testicles because you no longer wear underpants.
 Is Raj out with Emily again?| Yeah, every night for the last month.
 You’re kidding.| You think she’s taking advantage of him?
 Oh, of course not. She wouldn’t do something like that. She’s deaf.| Deaf women can’t be gold diggers?
 Yeah, I actually have information about Raj that would be helpful with this discussion.| Could you tell us?
 Well, wealthy means a lot of money, and vastly means even more. I’m not sure what’s tripping you up.| Look, I know they have money. I don’t think it’s that much.
 What the hell? The last time we went to the zoo, that son of a bitch made me buy him a churro.| Listen, guys, I’m sorry, I don’t mean to be rude, but I need to go call Raj’s sister, who I love so much. So vastly much.
 Thanks for dinner, buddy.| Yeah, real big of you.
 I don’t know. If we’re going to start a fantasy sword collection, and I’ve long thought we should, is this really the sword to start with?| What did you have in mind?
 Well, off the top of my head, I’d have to go with Excalibur. It gives you the right to rule England.| It would be a replica of a movie prop.
 Fair enough. It’d give you the right to rule a replica of England.| Well, they don’t have an Excalibur here, so what do you want to do?
 Mm. Tough decision. There’s no weaponry from Lord of the Rings, forged in a Chinese sweatshop?| Just Bilbo Baggins’ sword over there.
 Oh, I see you guys have found my little treasure.| Yeah. It’s okay, I guess.
 Okay? It’s magnificent.| Buh-buh-buh-buh! What do you want for it?
 Oh, it’s hard to put a price on something that’s a copy of something that was on pay cable. But for my friends, let’s say 250?| Oh, that’s pretty steep.
 Only 8,000? We’re wasting precious time. Buy it.| Hang on. Can you do any better?
 Oh, did you hear that? We’re getting the friends and family discount. We are honoured and we will take it.| Slow down. Two hundred.
 What are you doing? Two fifty is already the discounted price.| Will you shut up?
 Tell you what, I’ll go two thirty-five.| Nope. Maybe another time.
 Take it, take it.| Two hundred.
 Oh, now, we can’t let him lose money, Leonard. I’m so sorry.| Two ten and you throw in the Iron Man helmet.
 Are you crazy? That helmet’s signed by Robert Downey Jr.| So?
 Okay, if you’re going to question the importance of an actor’s signature on a plastic helmet from a movie based on a comic book, then all of our lives have no meaning!| Okay, fine. Just the sword, two ten.
 Thank you. I can eat meat this week.| See that? I just saved us forty bucks.
 You want me to wrap it?| No, it’s okay. I’m gonna stab my friend in the chest.
 There will be girls. You guys are invited if you want to come by.| Thank you.
 I see what you’re doing. You accept an invitation to a party at the home of my sworn enemy, he tells everyone we’re going to be there, and when we don’t show, he looks the fool. Fiendishly clever.| I was actually thinking about going.
 And then declaring the party a fiasco and storming out, leaving him humiliated in front of his guests. Love it.| No, I was gonna grab Raj and Howard and have a good time.
 Possibly.| Can you or can’t you?
 It’s not that simple, Leonard.| It never is, is it?
 At this moment, our relationship exists in two mutually contradictory states. Until you either do not go or go to Wil Wheaton’s party, you are simultaneously my friend and not my friend. I’m characterizing this phenomenon as Schrodinger’s Friendship.| Got it. Can I have my water?
 Well, I mean, safe as it can be when it was built by the good folks who brought you Chernobyl.| I’d like to propose a toast. The dream to go up into space is one we all share, and Howard’s making that a reality. We’re all very proud of you.
 That was a lovely toast. Kudos.| Thank you.
 Don’t talk to me as if nothing’s happened between us. And yes, it sure is, buddy.| For God’s sake, will you stop with the Schrodinger stuff.
 Would you prefer a simpler application of Heisenberg’s uncertainty principle, in which I could either know where you are or whether I like you, but not both?| You never stop talking, do you?
 Little bit.| I hate to say it, but she did kind of betray you.
 Interesting. You see betrayal in others, but not yourself.| Going to Wheaton’s party is not betraying you.
 Oh, of course you would have to believe that. Evil always thinks it’s doing right. Excuse me, Stormtrooper. These are the droids you’re looking for.| I’m going to a party. I’m not turning R2-D2 and C-3PO over to the empire!
 No, Leonard, this is your last chance. One day, a historian is going to come to you and say, is it true you were friends with Dr. Sheldon Cooper? And you’re going to have to choke back a hot sob of regret and humiliation as you mumble, I was, but I chose to go to a party thrown by the one kid from Stand By Me that no one remembers.| You want to drive?
 Sure.| Hey, Sheldon?
 Oh, good. You picked me, you picked me.| No, I just got a text from Stuart. Brent Spiner is at the party.
 Brent Spiner?| Yes.
 I don’t care.| Really? Brent Spiner, Mr. Data himself. You love him.
 I did, but I think I’ve kind of outgrown Star Trek. You know, stock characters, ludicrous plots, beam me up. What a load of hooey.| I’m going. Live long and prosper, Sheldon.
 Hey, you know that beautiful actress who plays the Borg Queen in First Contact?| Yeah.
 Well, I just met her gynaecologist!| What are you doing here?
 Come on, buddy. Let’s not waste another second on this loser. Love your house.| Can we get autographed dolls?
 Sure. Twenty bucks.| Ten.
 Eighteen.| Twelve.
 Sixteen.| Two for thirty. And you come to my birthday party.
 You’re missing out. It’s gonna be wall-to-wall fun. It’s all themed. There’s Jonah and the Whale Watching, all-you-can-eat Last Supper Buffet, and my personal favourite, Gunning with God.| What’s Gunning with God? I’m afraid to ask.
 Good, ’cause I got you everything you need to make it. You are in for a treat. My mother’s fried chicken is why we had to buy my dad the extra large coffin.| Sheldon, she just got off the plane. She doesn’t want to cook.
 Won’t that spoil our appetites for the chicken you’re going to make me?| All right, that settles it, we’re going out. Do you like sushi? There’s a great little place down the street.
 There’s a lot of harm in trying something new. That’s why we test out drugs and cosmetics on bunny rabbits.| Sheldon, you’re talking like a crazy person.
 Stop yelling! I’m not happy about this.| What’s the last thing you were ever happy about?
 This is exciting. Back home, the diner on Route Four serves sushi, but it’s just cut up fish sticks and a side of Uncle Ben’s. They put it on the menu in those kung fu letters, but that don’t make it sushi.| Uh, kung fu letters might not be politically correct.
 Oh, I thought the one we couldn’t say was ching chong.| Yeah, yeah, that, too.
 Do you have any idea what’s going on with those two?| It’s kind of like the Loch Ness monster. Maybe there’s something there, maybe there isn’t. We’ll probably never know. But sometimes it’s fun to creep yourself out thinking about it.
 How are you doing on the young lady front? I hear you’re in some sort of a long distance situation?| Uh, yeah, it’s Raj’s sister. It’s kind of tough. She’s in India. Also, her parents aren’t happy she’s dating someone white.
 Sheldon, you pester me one more time about chicken, I will put you over my knee right here in this restaurant.| Please pester her. Please, for me.
 I don’t know. Lately we’ve been talking about converting it into a missile silo.| Your son seems to think we need to launch a pre-emptive strike on Burbank.
 Well, it’s so nice to see you, too. I thought it was our Indians that had the occasional alcohol problem.| We don’t say that, either. I’ll make you a list.
 I’m not going to get my pecan pie, am I?| You want some Oreos?
 Double Stuf?| No, regular.
 The trick to pancakes is bacon grease. I cook everything in it.| Everything? Aren’t you worried about your health?
 Well, then you are going to stand there all day.| I’m just gonna take my bacon grease and slide over there.
 Well, I guess we are.| Sorry. Syrup.
 Oh, this one’s sweet. You know, for your rosary rattlers.| Mrs. Cooper, we say Catholics, not rosary rattlers.
 This is like the worst Hollywood tour ever.| What are you gonna do? She wanted to see churches.
 Hey, while we’re here, why don’t we all do some praying? Let’s put a little church in this church.| Oh, I’m not sure we should.
 She also goes a little overboard on the love thy neighbour. Could probably use that chat you had with Mary Magdalene. Leonard, you’re up. Wasserman, you’re on deck.| Okay. I don’t know, it’s probably a little late to ask you to make me taller. Oh, um, if you could help out with me and my girlfriend. She’s all the way in India. That would be great.
 I had pee his pants.| Hang on. Looks like everyone’s a winner.
Not as droll as a grown man passed out in a puddle of his own urine.| That was pretty droll. With a hint of ammonia.
 I know. I’ve been looking for it for years.| Sorry.
 Hey, if I pretended to hit on you, could I distract you enough to sneak it away?| Yes, but you’d be using your superpowers for evil.
 Damn, I’m forbidden by my Kryptonian father to do so. I am Alice.| Leonard.
 You are very cute, Leonard.| Thanks. You, too. You know, go ahead and take it.
 No, no. No, no, I, I, I did evil. Would you be open to a trade?| Uh, yeah, yeah, sure, I guess.
 Okay. Here. This is my number, call me.| Sorry, palm’s a little sweaty. What’s that word?
 Alice.| Oh, right, your name. That makes more sense than penis.
 ‘Cause if you did, you get your picture up there on the Wall of Heroes.| No, I don’t think I picked her up. Besides, I have a girlfriend.
 Be sure to check the mail.| How many times are you gonna tell me? What’s with you?
 Nothing. It’s not suspicious that I’m fixating. It’s consistent with my personality.| Right.
 Hey, guys.| More Halloween candy? Didn’t you just buy a bunch of it yesterday?
 Leonard doesn’t have time to chat, he has to get the mail.| Will you relax? I’ll get it in a minute. Hey, how was work?
 What are you wearing?| Well, you know, it’s Comic Con. I’m Lion-O from ThunderCats.
 Wow, you must have gotten so laid.| No. But Jessica Alba did rub my furry belly.
 Want to see a comic I draw?| You’re kidding. You have your own book?
 Yeah. It’s kinda based on my life.| Cool. Oh, look. That’s you having sex with a guy in the top half of a Chewbacca costume. Comic Con?
 So, can I trade you my comic for the Hellboy?| You can have my car.
 It’s open.| Hey, you got a minute?
 Yeah, sure, come on in.| Thanks.
 Want some mac and cheese?| No. Lactose. Gas.
 Glass of wine?| No. Sulfites. Migraines.
 Okay, well, I’d offer you Halloween candy, but that’s gone. So, what’s up?| Okay, we used to go out, right?
 Oh, my God, that’s where I know you from.| I’m dealing with a situation and it’s kind of about my love life, so I know that might be weird for us to talk about, but in this area, as you know, all my other friends are just so stupid.
 All right, what’s going on?| So, you’re okay talking about this?
 Yes.| You’re sure it’s not weird.
 It’s okay.| You know what, if you ever want to talk to me about a problem in your life with a guy, then I would be fine with that.
 Okay, good, because there’s this one guy I used to date who’s about to be force-fed wine and cheese if he doesn’t get to the point.| Okay, uh, here it is. Is it cheating if a guy has a girlfriend…
 Yeah, probably.| Come on.
 I’m sorry, go ahead.| I met this girl, and she’s great. We have a lot in common.
 Did you guys do it?| No. We just made out a little.
 Oh, look at you, you bad boy. Did you tell her about Priya?| Well, I was gonna, but there were too many tongues in my mouth.
 That’s gross.| Here’s the thing, I, I’m not one of those guys who sneaks around and sleeps with more than one woman.
 Well, good for you.| The problem is, I want to be one of those guys.
 So sleep with the new girl and lie to Priya.| Oh, that’s not who I am.
 All right, then break it off with the new girl.| Now, let’s not do anything rash. She’s really hot.
 If you like this girl so much, why don’t you just end things with Priya?| Priya and I are in love. I think we could get married someday.
 Leonard, you’re looking for a way to sleep with both women and have everybody be happy about it.| Now we’re getting somewhere.
 What does your gut tell you?| Go ask Penny; she’ll know what to do.
 I thought you were leaving the apartment.| Yeah, me, too. I can’t make up my mind.
 Are you concerned because the world is filled with big dogs and bullies?| No. I’m having a moral crisis.
 Well, if it’s of any help, I’ve read all the great moral philosophers, including Dr. Seuss.| Oh, what the hell. I’m supposed to go see that girl from the comic book store, Alice, but I don’t know if I should, because I’m going out with Priya, but she’s in India.
 All right. So the topic at hand is sexual fidelity. Probably won’t be relying on Seuss here. Although One Fish, Two Fish, Red Fish, Blue Fish might be surprisingly applicable. Go on.| Well, they say at the end of your life, you regret the stuff you didn’t do more than the stuff that you did, and I’m pretty sure Alice is the stuff I want to do.
 You know, the German philosopher, Friedrich Nietzsche, believed that morality is just a fiction used by the herd of inferior human beings to hold back the few superior men.| That actually does help.
 It’s worth noting that he died of syphilis.| Screw it, I’m going.
 On your way home, will you pick up some orange juice?| Do you mind? I’m questioning a lot of things in my life right now.
 Is one of those things your fondness for orange juice?| No.
 Uh, is it my tongue stud? ‘Cause if that freaks you out, you’re in for a real surprise later on.| No, no, no. I, I can’t do this. Believe me, I really want to.
 But?| But I kind of have a girlfriend.
 Are you kidding?| You’re cool with you and me just being friends, right?
 I don’t believe this.| Wait, I don’t, which part?
 I’m so stupid. I thought for once I’d met a good guy, but you’re just another jackass.| Oh, no, no, you have it wrong. No. I, I was going to be a jackass, but I stopped myself. I stayed a good guy, so, I’m gonna pass on the sex. But you should know, that’s not a comment on your hotness but on my goodness. That’s kind of my superpower. I’m, like, Captain Good Guy.
 Hey, sweetheart. How’s it going?| Uh, not so good. We have to talk.
 Oh, sounds serious. What’s up?| Okay, uh, here it is. I met this girl and I kissed her, and I feel terrible about it. But it’s done, it’s never gonna happen again. And I am so, so sorry.
 Leonard, relax. It’s okay.| It is?
 Yeah, these things happen. They happen to everybody.| Oh, my God, you are amazing. I mean, I don’t deserve you. Wh, what do, what do you mean everybody?
 Leonard, I didn’t know if I should tell you, but I kind of cheated on you, too.| Uh, kind of?
 A couple of weeks ago, I slept with my ex-boyfriend. So, I guess we both messed up a little.| No, no, I messed up a little. You messed up a lot.
 Well, it’s not a competition.| Oh yeah, it is, and you won. I, I, I’m, I’m sorry, I have to go. I don’t believe this.
 Ladies, please. These four walls once housed an intellectual salon where the mind received nourishment as well as the stomach. But through no one’s fault, Penny, the quality of dinner conversation in this apartment has declined. And again, I’m looking at no one in particular, Penny.| Fine. What would you like to talk about, Sheldon?
 Can we? Stand back while I turn this conversation into a conver-sensation.| This time, it’s your fault.
 I have 100 alphabetized topics from artichoke, come on, people, it’s just a giant thistle, to zzz, the onamona-poetry of sleep.| Amy, how long would it take for that mad cow disease to kill me?
 I don’t know, four or five years.| No, it’s not gonna do it.
 What?| Come on, it’s your turn. We said we’d get more fresh air.
 Sorry. I’m a little distracted. I can’t seem to get in touch with Amy. I tried e-mail, video chat, tweeting her, posting on her Facebook wall, texting her, nothing.| Did you try calling her on the telephone?
 The telephone. You know, Leonard, in your own simple way, you may be the wisest of us all. Voice mail. Curiouser and curiouser.| If you’re worried, we can go over there and see if she’s all right.
 Okay. You know, I heard in the news a bobcat has been spotted in her neighbourhood.| I don’t think Amy was eaten by a bobcat.
 Who thinks Amy was eaten by a bobcat?| You do?
 Leonard, I was just mentioning an interesting local news item. Now, thanks to you, I’m worried Amy’s been eaten by a bobcat.| Forget about the bobcat.
 Where are you going?| I’m single, I don’t need this crap.
 Mm, I’m thinking about adopting some quirky affectation, like a pipe or a monocle or a handlebar moustache.| For all those girls out there looking for the Indian Monopoly man?
 You clearly weren’t listening to my topic sentence, get your women in line! You make them apologize to Amy and set things right. I am a man of science, not someone’s snuggle bunny!| Why do I have to talk to Penny? She’s not my girlfriend.
 Thank you. Where’s Sheldon?| Oh, he was up late last night, so I gave him an early dinner and put him to bed.
 That’s so sweet.| Yeah, but now he’s gonna be up at dawn and want to play.
 Why?| Her feelings got hurt because you guys went dress shopping without her.
 Oh, you know, just pillow talk. You guys have nothing to worry about.| Hold on, did you talk about us when we were dating?
 Did you know that when Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone, he proposed answering it with ahoy? Ahoy. I like it. Amy? Is that you? Have you been drinking? I’m sorry, I bet my sweet what? Well, all right. We’re on our way.| What’s going on?
 It would seem Amy is drunk in a liquor store parking lot.| Really? Amy?
 Oh, look. It’s Sheldon and little Leonard. Hi, little Leonard.| Hi, Amy.
 Hey, Cuddles.| Cuddles?
 Yes, Cuddles. We cuddled. Grow up, Leonard.| Amy, what are you doing here?
 Well, I came here to get a bottle of wine like Penny taught me to do when you’re sad.| Yeah, but why didn’t you go back to your apartment?
 Didn’t you go to high school, Leonard? Parking lots are where all the cool kids hang out. Not that the rat bastards ever invited me.| Maybe we should get you home.
 Oh, hang on, hang on, hang on. Sheldon, what would it take for you to go into that liquor store, buy a bottle of hooch, take me across the street to that motel, and have your way with me?| Yeah, Sheldon, what would it take?
 I’m begging both of you, please, let’s go.| Okay. Come on. Upsy-daisy.
 Hey.| Oh, hey. You work the lunch shift?
 Yeah. I’ve got eight pounds of salmon that’s about to go bad. Do you know how to cook it?| Not really.
 Damn it. Should have liberated the iffy chicken. What are you and Professor Fussyface up to tonight?| Star Wars on Blu-ray.
 Haven’t you seen that movie, like, a thousand times?| Not on Blu-ray. Only twice on Blu-ray.
 Oh, Leonard.| I know, it’s high-resolution sadness.
 Well, I’m going to take myself out to a movie tonight. You want to go?| Really? Do we do that?
 What do you mean?| You know, we haven’t spent time alone together since we broke up.
 Oh, it’s not a date, Leonard. It’s just a man and a woman hanging out, and not having sex at the end of the night.| Sounds like most of my dates.
 Shoo, shoo! Be gone!| What the hell is going on?
 So movies, yes or no?| Movies, yes.
 Quick, what does a hawk sound like?| I don’t know. Scree-scree.
 Please, that’s a seagull. If you’re not going to help, don’t help.| Sorry. Do you think I’m overdressed?
 It depends on the activity. For a prostate exam, yes. If you’re playing Vegas, I’d add sequins.| I’m going to the movies with Penny. I don’t want her to think that I think it’s a date.
 Do you think it’s a date?| No, but she might think I think it’s a date even though I don’t.
 Or you might think she thinks you think it’s a date even though she doesn’t.| Are we overthinking this?
 Not at all.| You’re right. I’m fine. I’m wearing this.
 Oh, hey, if we hurry, we can make the new Jennifer Aniston movie.| Oh, yeah, sure. There’s also an amazing documentary about building a dam on river in South America.
 Okay, but the Jennifer Aniston movie has Jennifer Aniston, and she’s not building a dam.| Can’t argue with that. I’ll get the tickets.
 Okay.| Actually, you know what? I think it’s about time I pick a movie we see.
 You pick plenty of movies.| No. You always picked, and it was always the same. An hour and a half of beach houses in the rain until the woman turns around and realizes love was here all along.
 But come on, that is a great movie, and it starts in ten minutes.| I hate those movies.
 No, you don’t.| Yes, I do. The only reason I went is because you wanted to see them, and I wanted to have sex. To this day, I can’t see a Sandra Bullock movie poster without getting both bored and aroused.
 Okay, so while we were going out, how often would you pretend to like things just to have sex with me?| All the time.
 You’re kidding.| Does this sound familiar? I’d love to go shoe shopping with you. Hiking? It’s great. It’s two a.m., of course I want to go to Korea Town and sing karaoke with your friends. Who wouldn’t?
 Okay, we were going out. You were going to get sex anyway.| Really? You would have slept with me after a three-hour documentary on dams?
 No. No woman would.| See? Now, that’s the great thing. We’re out as friends. This is not a date. Sex is off the table. So, let’s go learn why hydroelectric power might not be the environmental bargain you think it is. Sorry. Spoiler alert.
 All right, fine.| Thanks. Tickets are eleven bucks. Not a date.
 No, I was thinking how come they get to leave and I can’t.| I’m going to get some fries. You want anything?
 Uh, no, thanks.| Are you sure? Because you always say no, and then you eat half my fries.
 I just eat the little crispy ones you don’t like.| No, I love them. I save them for the end, but they’re gone because you ate them. And why did I let you eat them?
 To get sex.| Exactly. But this is not a date. So I ask again, would you like anything?
 All right, I’d like an order of fries.| Great. That’ll be five dollars. I am having the best time. I’m so glad you suggested we do this.
 Oh, no, no. This isn’t a date, no. Right?| Uh, right.
 What’s up?| I know what you’re doing.
 What am I doing?| You’re going out of your way to talk to that guy because I said we weren’t on a date.
 No, I’m talking to him because he’s cute.| Come on, he’s not that cute.
 Yes, he is. With his dorky T-shirt and his little hipster glasses.| I wear dorky T-shirts and glasses.
 Yes, but when you’re tall and have great cheekbones, you’re doing it ironically.| If that’s so, what if I start talking to a girl?
 You should.| I’m serious. I’ll do it.
 Good! Go! There are some girls right over there. What are you waiting for?| They’re in a group. I’m scared.
 So, Leonard, what do you do for fun?| Um, let’s see. Hiking. Karaoke in Koreatown. Any Jennifer Aniston movie.
 Hey. Sorry I ditched you.| No, it’s fine. You can ditch away.
 Oh, no, no. We said we were going to hang out, let’s hang out.| It’s cool. Go back to Kevin.
 Oh, he had to leave.| Interesting. So now that he’s gone, you want to hang out with me.
 This must be Penny.| Yep.
 Huh? I’m sorry, get what?| Don’t worry about it. You know, there’s some guys over there. You should go talk to them.
 No, no. I want to know what you told her.| That’s kind of between me and…
 Laura.| Laura.
 Yeah. Wears them. Not just for Halloween.| Hey, pal. You didn’t see me telling Kevin that you thought cold wars were only fought in winter.
 Laura that half the dirty movies you own are animated.| When you were telling Kevin about your acting career, did you mention your long-running role as Waitress in a local production of The Cheesecake Factory?
 Did you tell her about your lucky asthma inhaler?| Oh, yeah? Spell asthma.
 Okay, I’m not innocent in all this, but you basically called me stupid, you asthmatic dumbass.| I know, I, I, I crossed a line. And I’m sorry. No, no, no, hang on. I really mean it. And it’s not like when we were going out, I’d just apologize for everything so we could end up in bed. This is a 100% sex-is-off-the-table I’m sorry.
 All right. Thank you. I’m sorry, too.| Just to be clear, sex is off the table, right?
 Way off.| Maybe we’re not ready to hang out as friends.
 I don’t know. Up until the last part, I was kind of enjoying take-charge Leonard with a little backbone. Picking the movie, knowing what he wants, a little cocky.| Really?
 Yeah.| Well, then, I’m putting sex back on the table. What do you think about that?
 Ooh. Maybe I like it.| You do? Because if that’s what you like, I can be that guy. I swear, I’ll be anything you want me to be.
 Good night, Leonard.| I am such an asthmatic dumbass. I had a weird night.
 It’s amazing people keep coming to comic book stores instead of just downloading comics digitally.| It’s probably for the best. For a lot of these guys, the weekly trip here is the only chance their mom has to go down to the basement and change their sheets.
 A total loser. Obviously a guy with a six-shooter beats an old man with a magic wand.| Well, ho-hold on. What if the wizard casts a Helmet of Confusion spell on Billy the Kid’s cowboy hat?
 Leonard, what’s the deal with Sheldon’s friend Amy? Are they a couple?| Couple of weirdos. Why?
 Well, I mean, she didn’t look through me with soul-sucking, ball-shriveling hatred and contempt. I like that in a woman. Could you run it by Sheldon if I could ask her out?| Sure. I guess.
 Mmm, make it two.| I hate all of you and myself. Three.
 I know what this is about. Given the professional standstill you’re at, you’re wondering if this is the appropriate time to abandon your research and focus on teaching. Yes. And if I may suggest, consider changing disciplines. Yeah, to the humanities, perhaps history. One of the advantages of teaching history is that you don’t have to create things, you know, you just have to remember stuff that happened and then parrot it back. You could have fun with that.| Yeah, that’s not it. Stuart’s kind of interested in Amy.
 Oh, of course he is. She’s very interesting. Did you know, when she was 14, she severed the webbing between her own toes?| No. He wanted me to find out if you’d have a problem with him asking her out.
 I’m not sure how to respond, Leonard. I don’t own Amy. Can’t own a person. At least not since? 1863. President Lincoln freed the? Slaves! Come on Leonard, if you’re going to teach history, these are the kind of facts you’ll have to know.| You know what? Never mind. I’m going to tell him it’s okay to ask her out.
 The question is moot. There is no way that Stuart, an impoverished peddler of picture books, would be at all appealing to Amy Farrah Fowler, a noted neurobiologist capable of performing surgery on her own feet with nothing but nitrous oxide from cans of whipped cream as anesthesia.| All right, but just for the record, I checked in with you to see how you’d feel about it.
 Fine. The record shall so reflect. Now, getting back to the problem at hand, what to do with a washed-up experimental physicist.| I am not washed-up.
 I’m Dale. He left me in charge.| Really?
 Yeah. I don’t get it, either.| I want to return this Wild West and Witches Ka’a expansion pack.
 Sorry. I don’t do returns. They’re hard.| Sure, sure. Uh, when will Stuart be back?
 Oh, I guess I was wrong.| You okay?
 Wild Bill Witchcock.| A tribe of Abra-Comanches.
 And I suppose my boots and spurs are ridiculous, too?| Yeah.
 Did it look ridiculous when we got the Satanimals pack and I dressed up as a Beelzebobcat?| Yeah.
 All right, fine. Let’s just play.| We should go easy on him. Amy’s out with Stuart tonight.
 Annie Ogly.| Hocus Pocus Pocahontas.
 Hey, guys, check it out. The deluxe limited edition Wild West and Witches expansion pack in the signed and numbered collector’s tin.| Oh come on, no! We just bought the regular pack.
 Yeah, it’s also a wand.| With a hologram? Nice. Hey, do you see this?
 I’m in the matrix, Leonard, I see everything.| You’ve got to be kidding me. You friended Stuart on Facebook?
 Oh, yeah. Now he’s gonna miss all those great updates like, I can’t believe I waited this long to make my own potpourri.| Sheldon, why don’t you just acknowledge that you have feelings for Amy and you don’t want her going out with other men?
 And unfriend Howard Wolowitz.| That’s all of us. Can I use the laptop?
 Why?| I have to buy that stupid collector’s tin.
 I believe that you’re capable of great change. Like when I finally got you to stop saying Valentimes Day.| You want to hear something weird?
 In the year 2000, Pope John Paul II was named an honorary Harlem Globetrotter.| What are you talking about?
 You asked Penny if she wanted to hear something weird.| Yeah, because I have something weird to tell her.
 What’s yours?| There’s this guy, Jimmy Speckerman, who used to torment me in high school. He sent me a message through Facebook. He’s in town and wants to have drinks.
 Okay, Penny, if it were a game, here are your choices. An e-mail from an old acquaintance, or the head of one of the largest religious institutions in the world slam dunking to Sweet Georgia Brown. Pick.| Just do it, ’cause he’s not gonna let it go.
 What are you gonna do about your bully? Are you gonna see him?| I don’t know.
 Is this the fellow who peed in your Hawaiian Punch?| No, that was a different guy.
 Was he the one who wedgied you so hard, your testicle reascended, and you spent your whole Christmas break waiting for it to come back down?| No, that was a different, different guy.
 Was he the one who used your head to open a nut?| No.
 Oh, oh, oh. Was he the one who made you eat your arm hair?| No, but, actually, that was this guy’s sister.
 All right, well, what do you think he wants?| I don’t know.
 You know, the holidays are just around the corner. Maybe he wants to see if he can lodge the other testicle up there.| I told you. That was a different guy.
 Nobel Prize acceptance ceremony streaming live from Stockholm.| Sure. You want to see what all the scientists are wearing this year.
 Look at these men. They’ve managed to win the top science prize in the world with no more understanding of the quantum underpinnings of the expansion of the early universe than God gave a goose. You should pay attention, Leonard. Someday this could be you up there.| Thanks.
 So, what’s got you up? Did you have a bad clam?| I didn’t have clams.
 I don’t watch you 24 hours a day. I don’t know what you do.| It’s this Jimmy Speckerman thing. I can’t decide if I should agree to see him or not. Of course that might be because the last time I ran into him, he made me floss with my own shoelaces.
 Wear loafers. Look at Dr. Saul Perlmutter up there, clutching that Nobel Prize. What’s the matter, Saul? You afraid someone’s going to steal it? Like you stole Einstein’s cosmological constant?| You know what? I am tired of living in fear of this guy. I’m gonna go see him and finally say all the things I should have said in high school. You know, pick on someone your own size, you did not have sex with my mother, and yes, I do know why I’m hitting myself.”
 Is that him over there?| No.
 How about that guy? He looks like he’d hate you.| You know, I can really do this by myself.
 Hey, we’re here to support you, buddy.| No, you’re not. You’re here to see if I get my underwear pulled over my head.
 So, have you figured out what you’re going to say to him?| You bet. I am going to make him apologize for all the crap he pulled on me in school.
 That’s quite a list. I can’t read your handwriting, what’s that word?| Scrotum.
 What’s that one?| Uh, stapled.
 Holy crap, man, it’s good to see you.| Yeah. You, too. Uh, Jimmy, this is Sheldon and Raj and Howard.
 And there’s the first zinger. Ouch.| I’m doing okay, I guess.
 Okay? Come on, I read online you’re a physicist at a university, you won some medal.| The Newcomb medal.
 You should have seen this guy back in the day. Huh? He was so little, he could fit in just about anywhere. Lockers, trash cans. Oh, man, how did you get inside that backpack?| Oh, I can’t take all the credit. You helped a lot.
 Like the Black Death and Europe.| Jimmy, I’m kind of curious why you wanted to see me.
 Technically, Howard’s the gear head. Leonard’s just a dime store laser jockey.| What’s the idea?
 This is just between us, right?| Right.
 How the hell should I know? That’s why I need a nerd.| I don’t think something like that’s even possible.
 The smartest? All right, you know, I may not have a firm grasp on sarcasm, but even I know that was a doozy. Leonard, you can’t live in fear of this man forever.| Sheldon, I got this.
 You clearly don’t. What my spineless friend lacks the courage to say is you’re a terrible person who took advantage of his tiny size, his uncoordinated nature and his congenital lack of masculinity.| Sheldon.
 I don’t understand.| I think what he’s trying to say is that maybe in high school you picked on me a little bit.
 This is a list of your heinous acts against Leonard. One of which is certainly the cause of him wetting his bed well into his teens.| 14 is not, oh , yeah, never mind.
 What’s this word?| Nancy. You called me Nancy for three years.
 Oh, man, I, I don’t know what to say. I always thought we were just having some fun.| It wasn’t fun for me.
 You’re being too kind, Leonard. You ruined him.| Come on, guys.
 I help the weak. It’s yet another way I’m exactly like Batman.| Hey, for the record, Jimmy wasn’t the reason I wet the bed. That one has my mother written all over it.
 Oh, half and half instead of whole milk?| Yes.
 Heated to precisely 183 degrees?| Yes.
 Hey.| What are you doing here?
 I want to apologize for stapling your balls and throwing you naked in the girls’ locker room, stuffing that parrot down your pants. What’s this word?| Laxative.
 Oh, right. Junior prom. That was not cool, man. I am so, so sorry.| Really?
 Yeah. I just hope you can forgive me.| Uh, yeah. Sure, I guess.
 You’re a beautiful guy.| Well, yeah, thanks, Jimmy.
 Okay, I got to go.| Are you okay to drive?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah. I drive better drunk. You know, it makes you pay attention.| No, no, no, come on in. I’ll make you a cup of coffee.
 I wouldn’t be imposing?| No.
 Yes.| Sheldon, we can’t let him drive.
 Then take away his keys and make him wander the streets with the other drunks.| You remember Sheldon and Raj and Howard.
 You mind if I use your bathroom?| Yeah, just back there.
 How about that? After all these years, your big bad high school bully finally apologizes.| Yeah. It kind of rekindles your faith in the basic goodness of people.
 Leonard.| Yeah.
 In case it comes up again, this right here is an imposition.| What was I supposed to do? He needed a place to sleep it off.
 Man, I tied one on.| Yeah, you did. So, uh, listen, it was great to see you again. And , and, and thanks for the apology.
 What apology?| For all the crappy stuff you did to me in high school.
 Geez, you’re still harping on that? What a puss.| That’s my French toast.
 I’m not going to say I told you so, but we could have killed him.| I might kill him right now.
 The Dark Knight has your back. He’s scared, but he has your back.| Okay, Jimmy, it’s time for you to go.
 Yeah, all right, let me just finish this.| No, you’re done. I want you out of my apartment right now.
 You did it, Leonard, you stood up to your bully.| Yeah, I feel pretty good about myself. You think we can outrun him?
 Completely empty box. If you’d like to examine it?| Mm-hmm. Yep. I see nothing in this box but a wasted childhood.
 Oh, dear Lord. A man pops out for a moment to evacuate his bowels and catch up on the adventures of the Caped Crusader, only to emerge and discover his apartment has been transformed into a cabaret.| Sheldon, he’s just practising for his cousin’s birthday party.
 If we poison the critical thinking faculties of children by telling them that rabbits come out of hats, then we create adults who believe in astrology and homeopathy and that Ryan Reynolds was a better choice for Green Lantern than lovable rogue Nathan Fillion.| Sheldon, he’s just gonna do a few magic tricks for some kids. I really don’t think they’re gonna end up liking the Green Lantern movie.
 Look, I made Sheldon disappear. Ta-da.| Next time, you should open with that.
 Yes.| How come you’re not doing a mission? You’re just wandering around.
 Had a rough night. I thought I’d go for a walk and clear my head.| Some people go outside and do that.
 It’s after nine o’clock, at this hour the streets of Pasadena are teeming with drunken sailors and alley cats.| You want to talk about it?
 No. I think I’ll just go in this saloon and drink my troubles away.| You know digital alcohol is never a solution. What’s going on?
 Hard as this may be to believe, it’s possible that I’m not boyfriend material.| Glad I was sitting down for that. Did you and Amy get in a fight?
 Amy had a fight. I was being perfectly reasonable. I’m gonna have a whiskey. Do you want anything?| No, I can’t. I’m playing Grand Theft Auto later. Look, I’m no expert in women.
 I’ll say.| That’s not necessary when someone’s trying to help you.
 I’m sorry. It’s the alcohol talking. Go on.| Sometimes with women you want to listen to what upsets them and then show them that you can grow and change.
 Nuts to that. What else you got?| I don’t know what to tell you. Buy her something.
 How does that work?| Well, you skip over any attempt to repair your emotional connection and you win back her affection with an empty financial gesture.
 Well, that approach has Sheldon Cooper written all over it.| Glad I could help.
 Oh, me, too. You’re so caring. I’ve often pictured you guiding a young boy into manhood.| There you go, Howard. Sounds like Raj’ll have your babies, problem solved.
 Yeah, she doesn’t like them. And from what I saw, the feeling was mutual.| What are you gonna do?
 I don’t know. I can’t see a life where I don’t have kids. I mean, people have kids. I mean, even Donkey Kong had Donkey Kong Jr. So he could teach someone how to kidnap princesses and throw barrels at Italian plumbers.| You know, there’s no guarantee even if you have kids that you’re going to like them.
 Wow, that’s rough. Where’d you get that?| It’s right off the dust jacket of my mom’s last book.
 Maybe me and Bernadette aren’t right for each other.| Look, Howard, I’d say there’s a lot of fish in the sea, but I watched you dangle your hook in the water for years. Do not throw her back.
 You ever wonder how humans would be different if they evolved from lizards instead of mammals?| Okay, let’s talk about that.
 As you know, lizards, cold-blooded animals, lack the ability to sense temperature. But they do move more sluggishly when it’s cold. So, lizard weathermen would say things like, bring a sweater, it’s slow outside. I love my mind.| We all do. Now, how about dinner?
 Which is why the more intelligent the monkey, the more faeces they fling.| Excuse me, Amy. Penny, do you have plans for dinner tonight?
 Why, you guys going somewhere?| No, I mean just you and me.
 You mean, like a date?| Not like a date, a date.
 Well, more to the point, why are you doing this?| What are you talking about?
 Did you forget what Penny did to you? It took you two years and defiling my sister to turn that frown upside down.| I didn’t defile your sister, we had a relationship.
 You want to know my opinion?| Oh, boy, do I?
 All right, then. The reason you’re fixated on a good-natured simpleton like Penny is that she’s the exact opposite of your first romantic attachment, your brilliant yet intimidating mother.| Where on earth did you get that from?
 It’s in her book, Needy Baby, Greedy Baby.| That doesn’t make it true.
 It’s called non-fiction for a reason, Leonard.| See you later.
 Oh, that’s a good question. How about awkward?| Yeah, that sounds right.
 Yeah?| Hey, how about if we pretend we’re actually on a first date? See how that goes.
 Okay.| So, Polly, tell me about yourself.
 It’s Penny.| Oh, sorry, yeah. Awkward.
 Okay, uh, let’s see. I’m from Nebraska, and ever since I was a little girl, I dreamed of moving to L.A. and becoming a movie star. Anyway, after four years of acting lessons and waiting tables, I’ve done a haemorrhoid commercial and a production of Anne Frank above a bowling alley. So, you know, dreams do come true. Your turn.| Uh, let’s see. Uh, I am an experimental physicist at Cal-Tech, most of my research is with high-powered lasers, and, oh, I’ve just gotten a big government grant to see if they can be used to knock out incoming ballistic missiles.
 Wow. Can they?| Oh, God, no. The money’s pretty good. And I used the equipment to make my own Bat-signal.
 Bat-signal? What are you, some kind of nerd?| Not some kind of nerd, I am the king of the nerds.
 What does that mean?| Uh, it means if anyone displeases me, I don’t help them set up their printer.
 You are so funny.| Good. Remember that when I take my shirt off.
 Leonard, this is nice. I’m so glad we did this.| Me, too. So what do you think? Are we gonna get back together?
 Whoa. Not so fast.| I’m sorry, what did I say?
 Leonard, you know I will always have feelings for you.| Oh, God.
 What?| You said always. You’ll always have feelings for me.
 So?| So, that sounds more like something you’d say if you didn’t want a relationship with someone. This isn’t working out, but I’ll always have feelings for you. I’m sorry I slept with your best friend, but I’ll always have feelings for you. Here’s the thing, Lisa, I’m into dudes now, but I’ll always have feelings for you.
 How would you say it?| I have feelings for you.
 It’s the same thing.| No, it’s not. Always made it worse.
 You’re overthinking this.| No, I’m not.
 Yes, you are. You always overthink things.| Ah now th-th-there you go. Always made it worse.
 See, this is where everything goes wrong, when we talk.| Well, I don’t know how you have a relationship without talking.
 Hey, I went out with this guy TJ for eight months, we never talked. To this day, I don’t even know what TJ stands for.| Wait, if you guys didn’t talk, what did you… never mind, stupid question.
 Bup-bup-bup-bup-bup-bup-bup.| Okay, but earlier it seemed like…
 No talking.| Even during? ‘Cause sometimes I have questions.
 Well, that was fun.| Yeah, except for when I got the foot cramp.
 You hung in there, though.| Well, there was a lot at stake.
 So what do you want to do now?| Well, I want to go get my asthma inhaler, but it might ruin the moment. Just, just help me out here. How does a miserable date end in sex?
 I don’t know, it’s complicated.| Well, I’m a pretty smart guy, and right now my brain has dibs on the blood supply, so give it a go.
 Okay, it’s just, at the restaurant when you said you wanted us to be together again, it got very real very fast and I panicked.| Why? What are you afraid of?
 Well, what if we do go out and I do something stupid and dump you again?| What if I dump you?
 Come on, be serious.| Well, how about if we don’t think about this as a relationship? It could be more like a new version of software. Penny and Leonard 2.0. We can test it internally, shake out the bugs, and if we both feel it’s solid, then we’ll roll it out to the public.
 So we don’t tell people we’re back together?| Exactly. We pretend like our date went badly.
 Well, we don’t really have to pretend.| And we let them think that we decided to just be friends and that everything’s cool.
 Okay, great. Hey, I just remembered. I still got one of your inhalers.| I can’t believe you kept this.
 Yeah, I was gonna throw it away, but I just couldn’t.| That is so sweet. In 25 to 30 minutes I’m gonna show you how much this means to me.
 Leonard?| Yeah, hi, hi. How’s it going?
 Uh, can’t complain. Thanks for asking. Well, what were you doing out at three o’clock in the morning?| Well, uh, uh, what are you doing up?
 I was using the bathroom.| Yeah, well, so was I.
 Really? I didn’t see you in there.| Obviously, when I saw that you were in ours, I went and used another one.
 Where?| The, the gas station across the street.
 In your pyjamas?| Yes.
 Without shoes?| Yes.
 On a cold winter’s night?| Yes.
 Seems unlikely. Did you bring your asthma inhaler?| Uh, uh, uh, yes, I did.
 Well, then, I guess it’s plausible. Hang on a second, mister.| What?
 After you used the facilities at the gas station, did you make a purchase?| What?
 It’s customary, when using the rest room at a retail establishment, to make a small purchase. Did you?| No.
 Here’s two dollars. Go buy some beef jerky.| I don’t want beef jerky.
 It’s not about you. It’s about a poor immigrant from Pakistan trying to make his way in America by working the graveyard shift at the Colorado Boulevard Chevron.| Fine.
 You have a keen insight into the human heart, Amy Farrah Fowler.| We are next to a Suburu with a Gore/Lieberman bumper sticker.
 I’m surprised to see you here after it went so badly with Penny.| Well, hey, we’re grown-ups. We can still be friends.
 No, that’s okay, Bernadette. Sometimes these things just don’t work out.| Yeah, it’s all good. We-We’ll always have feelings for each other.
 Oh, that’s nice.| See, she knew what always meant.
 Wow, you’re like a dog with a bone, aren’t you?| I’m just making a point.
 Yeah, just hang on, Sheldon. You know why we can’t be together? Because you always have to be right.| Oh, that is not true.
 You know what? I just realized I’m on a break. I’ll get someone else.| Well…
 Mind explaining to me why you were being such a jerk at the restaurant?| Well, I was trying to act like we weren’t seeing each other. That was the plan, right?
 The hell do you think you’re going?| Isn’t sex after fighting kind of what we do now?
 What do you mean?| Every scenario I play out for you and me ends badly.
 This is a disaster. I distinctly ordered the Leonard Nimoy Mr. Spock cardboard standee. Why would I feel safer with Zachary Quinto at the foot of my bed?| I don’t know, he was pretty badass on Heroes.
 You’re right, I’ll give him a shot.| Hang on. Penny, do you have plans for dinner?
 Why, you guys going somewhere?| No, I mean just you and me.
 Uh, have you thought this through?| Yes, and I think we should go anyway.
 Cut. Did you not see we are rolling?| Sorry. I’m having dinner with Penny. I have to get out of here.
 That was a really nice dinner. I’m glad you asked me out again.| Me, too, I missed you.
 You see me all the time. You sure you just don’t miss the sex?| Well, yeah, sex with you is pretty great. Have you ever tried it?
 I have. You are not wrong. I just think if we’re gonna try dating again, we should take things slow.| Oh, I can take it slow. Did I ever tell you about my first girlfriend in high school, Karen Berberick? To this day she doesn’t know we were going out. Made it easier on her when I broke things off.
 Okay, well, maybe not that slow.| How about this, are you familiar with the typical development for computer software?
 You know, just for fun, let’s say I’m not.| Before an application is released, they give it a trial run. W-We could do that. And if we hit a rough spot, instead of getting mad, just say, hey, we found a bug, and we report it so it can be fixed.
 You mean like a beta test?| Well, technically, this would be an alpha test. A beta test requires people that weren’t involved in the development of the appli…
 Seriously, do I not get credit for knowing beta test?| No, you should. Absolutely. That was me being pedantic. That’s our first bug. You reported it. I can fix that. See? This is good.
 All right. Let’s give it a shot.| Great. You keep a list, I’ll keep a list. At some point, we’ll exchange.
 Okay. Good night, Leonard.| Night. Attaboy, Hofstadter. Nothing gets the ladies hotter than software development analogies. Hey, I’m back.
 Uh, we’re not counting this as a date, are we?| Um, I’m not sure, but I think the right answer here is no.
 All right, that’s it. Who Con, you’re out.| Okay, bug report taken. Next time I will have a better plan for our evening’s activity.
 Well, thank you. I’ll see you tomorrow.| Oh, wait, here, almost forgot. Here.
 What’s this?| My bug report to you.
 Well, that’s quite a list you got there.| It’s colour coded.
 Oh.| Uh, red means fix right away. Yellow is eh, whenever you get a chance. And green is I could probably learn to live with it. There’s a key down here at the bottom. It’s neat, huh?
 Yep.| So, have a good night.
 Yep.| Look at that. Some day, we will tell future generations that dating used to be hard.
 It’s open.| Hey. You ready to go?
 Yeah, hang on. Let me just finish this chapter.| Can you finish it later?
 No, I can’t. Reading books is a big part of my life now because, you know, we’d have more fun things to talk about if I read more.| Great. Good. Great. What are you reading?
 Two Weeks to Rock Hard Abs.| They kind of spoil the ending right in the name of that, don’t they? All right. Look, just remember how this works. We don’t get mad about these things. Uh, speaking of which, I’ve addressed your bug report on my date planning. Got a really fun evening for you. It’s kind of a surprise.
 All right. Terrific. Well, let me just go find a pair of shoes that aren’t so tall. We wouldn’t want you to feel like you were out for a walk with your mommy.| Thank you.
 Yeah. Oh. Here’s my list for you, right there.| All right, fair enough. I certainly can be quieter when we kiss. I thought it was an expression of passion, but if it’s coming across as juicy and weird, who wants that? Uh, uh, I’m sorry, can you be more specific on how my eyebrows are stupid? Nah, never mind, it’s right here.
 This is amazing. How did you even get this idea?| I called your dad. I asked him what things you liked to do when you were a kid. This seemed easier than getting a cow out here so you could tip it.
 Okay, you’re kind of really great.| You mean for a person whose neck massages feel like an eagle is trying to carry you to its nest?
 Okay, bug report. I just complimented you. You should take it and shut up.| Right. Sorry, sorry.
 And stop apologizing all the time.| Right. Sorry.
 All right, let’s shoot stuff. You want me to show you what to do?| I play a lot of Grand Theft Auto. I think I know how to handle a gat.
 No, you’ve got a Reebok with a gunshot wound and an ouchie on your pinkie toe.| Hello? They gave me a Band-Aid. Hospitals do not issue Band-Aids unless it is medically necessary. That is the law.
 Well, thank you for a really cool evening.| Thank you for hiding my Star Wars socks at the emergency room. Is it a good time to evaluate the beta test and see where we stand?
 Things are looking good.| So, are we still taking things slow? Because a gunshot wound today, last week, I slammed my thumb in the kitchen drawer. We don’t know how much time I have.
 Emergency preparedness drill.| Oh, no, come on!
 Yeah, you know how it works. Once a quarter, keep our readiness up. Now, rise and shine, sleepy head. Half the town is probably dead.| I have to get a lock for my door.
 I think you’ll like the drill tonight. I’ve tried to make it fun. Each of these cards contains a detailed scenario of a possible apocalyptic event. Everything from wild fires to a surprise invasion by Canada. Pick a catastrophe, any catastrophe.| Sheldon, Canada is not going to invade California.
 Yeah, really? You think those hippies in Washington and Oregon can stop them?| Fine.
 All righty! An 8.2 magnitude earthquake devastates Pasadena, reducing mighty edifices to dust, engulfing the city in flames. The streets flow with blood and echo with the cries of the wounded. Oh, excellent choice. Now, put on your hard hat and safety vest.| Oh, fun. I get to spend another night in front of our apartment dressed like one of the Village People.
 You make that joke every three months. I still don’t get it. Leonard, wait. What are you doing?| I don’t know, what am I doing?
 Are you not looking at me? I am Brown Dynamite. Why do you put six sugars in your coffee?| Because the cafeteria doesn’t offer little packets of methamphetamine.
 Emergency drill night last night, huh?| Uh-huh.
 You can’t go home. You have to take me to the dentist at four o’clock.| Oh, can’t you take the bus to the dentist?
 Yeah, they have to, I’m a biter.| Whatever, Sheldon. I’m exhausted. I’m not taking you to the dentist.
 Wrong, sir. Wrong. Under section 37B of the roommate agreement, miscellaneous duties, you are obligated to take me to the dentist. See? It’s right here after providing a confirmation sniff on questionable dairy products.”| You know what, I am sick of the roommate agreement. It’s ridiculous. I’m your roommate, not your chauffeur. You know, I had better things to do yesterday than drive you all the way to the good model train store in Garden Grove because the one in Pasadena has gotten too big for its britches.
 Well, it has. Ask anybody.| I don’t care. I’m done.
 Hold on. Are you saying that you want to invoke Clause 209?| I don’t know what that is, but if it means I can go home and sleep, then yes.
 Right here. Use your finger.| There. Done.
 All right. That’s it. We are now no longer companions, boon or otherwise. We are now merely acquaintances. To amend the words of Toy Story, you have not got a friend in me.| I’m gonna go home and take a nap.
 Hello, dear friends. And Dr. Hofstadter.| ‘Sup?
 All right, um, how about, oh, how about Rocket Man?| That’s not bad, Howard “Rocket Man” Wolowitz.
 Like how?| Once I tried carrying around a Duncan yo-yo, hoping the other kids would start calling me Duncan.
 Did it work?| No, they ended up calling me Sock Mouth. Because they took away my yo-yo and stuffed their socks in my mouth.
 ‘Sup?| Hey, did you ever make it to the dentist?
 Not necessary. No. I found a service that’ll send a van to your house for a teeth cleaning. Mostly they cater to dogs, but the fellow on the phone seemed to have an open mind.| All right, Sheldon, if you need me to take you to the dentist, I will take you to the dentist.
 Are you suggesting that you’ve come to your senses and wish to re-establish the mutual benefits that stem from full participation in the roommate agreement?| Absolutely. If you admit that you’re a 30-year-old man who’s incapable of functioning on his own.
 Power failure. Implementing power-failure protocol.| What happened to all your glow-in-the-dark-emergency-exit stuff you had painted on the floor?
 Oh, that was wildly carcinogenic. Anyway, it’s too bad you’re no longer entitled to the full benefits of my friendship, because I happen to be extremely prepared for such an emergency. Please try not to see anything by this light. It’s not for you.| It’s just a blackout, I’m sure the power will be back on soon.
 You know, in Girl Scouts, Tammie Dinisha said you could do that with panty hose. Boy, was she wrong. Anyway, you want to make out?| I thought because our relationship’s in a beta test, you wanted to take things slow.
 Okay. Do you want to make out slow?| I can go so slow it’ll be like there’s a snail in your mouth.
 Excuse me, Leonard.| Since when don’t you knock? It’s like the only good thing about you.
 Social niceties have been suspended, Leonard. We’re in a state of a emergency. The world has descended into darkened turmoil. Lawlessness and savagery are the order of the day.| Fine, what is it?
 I’m making s’mores. I wanted to alert you in case you smelled caramelizing marshmallows and thought a nearby candy factory was on fire.| S’mores, huh? Good for you.
 Yes, or good for us if you sign here and reinstate the full roommate agreement.| No, thanks. I’m good.
 Aw.| No, don’t aw him. He brought this all on himself.
 But he’s sad.| No, he’s crazy. Sometimes crazy looks like sad so it’ll suck you back in.
 I think he misses his little buddy.| Fine. But mark my words, this frustrating, bogus teenage make-out session is not over.
 What are you proposing?| That we go back to the way things were. But when I do something for you, you show a little appreciation.
 And how would I do that?| You say thank you.
 Every time?| It’s not crazy.
 Counter-proposal. We reinstate the full roommate agreement with the following addendum, in the spirit of Mother’s Day or Father’s Day, once a year, we set aside day to celebrate all your contributions to my life, both actual and imagined by you. We could call it Leonard’s Day.| I kind of like the sound of that.
 No.| Can I sit in your spot?
 No.| Can I control the thermostat?
 No.| Do I get a card?
 Hey, guys, the building manager said the reason the power went out is someone went down into the basement and just pulled the main breaker switch.| Really. Who do you think did that, Sheldon?
 Gentlemen, I think I’ve come up with a fun way to get young people interested in science. Physics Mad-Libs. Now, give me a number.| Five.
 Good one. And an electrical charge.| Positive.
 Oh, Oh, Lord, that multiplication error! He thought he carried the one. But he didn’t.| It’s not funny. That mistake got published.
 I wonder what he wants.| Doesn’t look happy, so I’m guessing he wants to talk to Sheldon.
 Dr. Cooper?| Told ya.
 Bleeding from my ears.| What are you doing hiding back there?
 I’m sneaking into work. Now, if the guard at the university asks what’s under the blanket, you tell him it’s some lobster traps.| Lobster traps?
 Yes. That’s how Velma and Scooby smuggled Shaggy into the old lighthouse.| What are you going to do when you get to the university? People are going to recognize you.
 And no more singing.| Fine.
 I don’t think you have a good handle on dictatorships.| Sheldon, everybody takes vacations.
 Hey, you.| Is that your laundry? You only have, like, six things in there.
 Yeah, I didn’t have any quarters, so I’ve been sneaking stuff into other people’s loads all day. Hey, if I tell you something, will you promise not to tell anybody?| It doesn’t matter what I say, you’re gonna tell me anyway.
 What? That is not true. Bernadette wants a pre-nup.| Wow. That’s rough.
 So you’re saying if I became a famous movie star, we got married, you wouldn’t sign a pre-nup?| Absolutely not. If I’m gonna be stuck at home with the kids while you’re on location cheating on me with Ryan Gosling, then Leonard gots to get paid. So, you think about us getting married?
 I think about a lot of things. I think about us getting married, I think about us breaking up. Once in a while, I think about how I didn’t leave a note on that Mercedes I dinged in the parking lot last month, but then I have a glass of wine and it passes.| Joke all you want, but you think about it.
 Well, tell you one thing, if I ever do get married, no Klingon invitations.| Good luck catching a man with that attitude.
 No hi, Raj? No how are you, Raj? Just straight to where’s the other white guy?| I’m sorry. So, listen, I heard something about him. Can you keep it between us?
 Ooh, gossip. When I first got here, I thought you Americans really gossiped around the water cooler. So I hung out there for, like, a month, but the only gossip I ever heard was about some creepy guy hanging out by the water cooler.| Bernadette wants to get a pre-nup.
 Oh, that’s a shame, he’s gonna be devastated.| I never know what to do in these situations. Should I give him a heads-up?
 Check it out. Look at the size of that Rice Krispie Treat. Same price.| Hey, Howard, I need to tell you something.
 I know, it’s not on my wedding diet. I don’t care.| Uh, listen, I heard that Bernadette’s thinking about asking you for a pre-nup.
 A pre-nup? Wow.| What are you gonna do?
 I guess. Still, it’s a shame Professor Rothman was forced to step down.| What choice did the university have? He snapped. It happens to theoretical physicists all the time.
 These shrimp are all the same size. There’s no the logical order to eat them in.| Can’t be very long.
 Hey, look, there’s Rothman’s empty office. Sad.| Yeah.
 Dibs? This is a university, not a playground. Offices are not assigned because someone called dibs.| You just called dibs.
 It’s the 21st century. You can’t have a duel.| H-h-h-hang on, Howard. Barry, how good of a shot are you?
 You have a compwete advantage in twivia. You have an eidetic memowy. Pwus, I haven’t watched Star Twek since I discovered the stwip cwub near my apartment has a fwee buffet.| It’s gonna be hard to find something you’re both equally good at.
 Time. Wan out of woom.| You know all those terrible things bullies used to do to us?
 Yeah.| I get it.
 Hey! He did that on purpose,| No, he didn’t. Nothing that’s happening here is being done on purpose. Okay, uh, forget one-on-one. Let’s try a free throw contest. First person who makes a basket wins the office.
 Making it too easy there, Hofstadter.| No. No, I’m not.
 What do you propose?| Uh, on the count of three, both of you bounce the balls as hard as you can. The highest bounce wins the office.
 I don’t think so, Kripke. I’ve bounced many a rubber ball in my day.| All right, that’s enough trash talk. One, two, three.
 Sheldon was higher.| Congratulations, Sheldon. You win office.
 Aha! Good question. It turns out the thermostat for my new office isn’t in my new office. No. It’s next door, in Professor Davenport’s office, who is currently enjoying the hot flashes associated with menopause.| Why is there a hole here?
 No. The vibration. We are directly underneath the geology lab, and they’re running their confounded sieve shakers again. Hey, gravel monkeys, if you need to shake rocks, try jiggling your heads around!| Sheldon, relax.
 How can I relax? My nervous system is being stretched out like the strings of a harp and plucked by holes and birds and wind and the low-hanging scrotum of the difficult-to-evict Professor Rothman.| If you’re not happy, why don’t you just let Kripke have the office?
 Help! Somebody help!| What happened?
 I was trying to see what was in here and my head got stuck.| Why would you do that?
 You’re not Mr. D’Onofrio. I get my hair cut by Mr. D’Onofrio. You believe this guy?| Excuse us for a second. Sheldon, it’s okay, he can do it. He’s a barber.
 He’s not a barber, he’s the nephew. He’s an example of the kind of nepotism that runs rampant in the barbering industry. Besides, Mr. D’Onofrio knows exactly how I like my hair done because he has all my haircut records from my barber in Texas.| What are you talking about?
 When I first moved here I was nervous about finding a new barber, so my mother had all my haircut records sent here to Mr. D’Onofrio.| There’s no such thing as haircut records.
 Yes, there are.| Have you ever seen them?
 To paraphrase T.S. Eliot, this is the way the world ends, not with a bang but with a nephew.| Sheldon, you’re a grown man, he’s a professional, and your haircut is number three on that poster from 1946. Just sit down and let him do it.
 Can you pass the Parmesan cheese?| Sure. What are you doing?
 I’m trying to get the hair out of my eyes.| Sheldon, you are one day late for your haircut.
 Penny, I know you mean well, offering the skills of the hill folk, but, um, here in town we don’t churn our own butter, we don’t, uh, make dresses out of gunny sacks, and, uh, we sure as shootin’ don’t get our hair cut by bottle-blonde…| Sheldon, be nice.
 So, if I move my horsey here, isn’t that checkmate and I win?| Hmm.
 Well, is it or isn’t it?| You know, I think this is a good stopping point. Uh, it’s your first real game. I threw a lot of information at you.
 Well, no, I mean, your king is trapped. He can’t go here because of my lighthouse, and he can’t go here because of my pointy-head guy.| Like I said, complicated game.
 So did I win or not?| Did you have fun? Because if you had fun, then you are, you are a winner. Now that’s, that-that’s what chess is all about.
 Hello.| Hey.
 Okay, what just happened?| I don’t know. Between you playing chess like Bobby Fischer and Sheldon being okay with you in his spot, I’m guessing someone went back in time, stepped on a bug, and changed the course of human events.
 Leonard, explain it to her.| Oh, uh, he’s crazy.
 I have spent my whole life trying to bring order to the universe by carefully planning every moment of every day. But all my efforts, our dinner schedule, my pyjama rotation, my bowel movement spreadsheet, it’s clear now, I’ve been wasting my time.| Good. I’m taking that disgusting chart off the fridge.
 Oh, please, everyone knows what’s going to happen. But I see your point.| I think this could be good for you. Maybe it’s time for you to shake things up a bit.
 You’re right. I should embrace the chaos.| Great. What are you going to do first?
 I don’t know. I could do anything. All bets are off. The world is my oyster. I got it. I’m going to put on my Tuesday pyjamas tonight.| I got to tell you, I’m a little worried about him.
 Hello, Leonard, do you like my bongos? Bet you didn’t know that I had bongos.| Sheldon, it’s three o’clock in the morning.
 Three in the morning is a good time for bongos.| I was sleeping.
 Leonard sleeps while I play bongos.| No, he doesn’t.
 Leonard no sleep while I play bongos. Bongo solo.| Stop! Stop it! Stop! Stop! Stop it!
 Richard Feynman played the bongos. I thought I’d give that a try.| Richard Feynman was a famous physicist.
 Penny meant if he were a purple leprechaun. Penny forgot to use the subjunctive.| Sheldon, go to bed. You have work in the morning.
 Maybe, maybe not. Maybe tomorrow I start a bongo band and tour the world.| W-w-wuh, no, no, hang on,uh, uh, roommate agreement. No hootenannies, sing-a-longs, or barbershop quartets after ten p.m.
 He showed up in the middle of the night with his bongos. I foolishly thought it was some sort of musical booty call.| Poor guy. He must have been exhausted. Sheldon like to sleep while Leonard play the bongo!
 That was kind of uncalled for.| No, it was called for.
 All right, honey, look, we’ve known each other for a long time now, right? I’ve taken you to Disneyland, I kicked a bully in the nuts for you, I sing you Soft Kitty when you’re sick, you’ve even saw me naked once.| I’m sorry, duh, what?
 There’s only so many times a woman can say how about the bed?| What’s this about Sheldon seeing you naked?
 Hey, want to spend some time playing the new Star Wars game this weekend?| Oh, I don’t know. I kind of promised myself I’d get off the computer, be more physically active. Get some exercise.
 You’re about to walk up three flights of stairs.| Good point, I’m in.
 You know what would be great? Let’s do it like the old days.| You mean, are you talking gaming marathon?
 Turn off our phones so our moms can’t call.| It would be like our World Of Warcraft a few years ago when the neighbours called the cops on us.
 We were badass back in the day.| All right, let’s do it.
 It’s on like Alderaan.| Hey, Sheldon, clear your weekend. Starting Saturday morning, Star Wars< marathon
 Movies or video games? Or board game? Or trading card games? Or Lego’s? Or dress up? Or comic books? Or dramatic readings of novelizations? Yes to all!| We are going to play the online game.
 You gave me your word. You’re coming with me.| We’ll miss you, Sheldon.
 Oh, it’s not your fault. I’ve been to the model train store. I’ve been to Radio Shack. This woman is impossible to shop for.| I’d make fun of Sheldon for having girl problems if I wasn’t in shock that Sheldon has girl problems.
 No, Leonard, go ahead and mock. Like my daddy always said, Shelly, women aren’t anything but flippin’ pains in the bottom.| That’s what your father used to say?
 You don’t have to check with me. Do whatever you want.| Oh. I guess I was hoping for a different reaction, but okay.
 Really, what were you hoping for?| I don’t know, maybe that you’d be a little upset, and then you’d realize that I’m a stallion that has to run free. And that would turn you on a little.
 Okay, I’m an actress. Ask me again.| Do you mind if I spend the weekend playing video games with the guys?
 Whu… the entire weekend? You mean I wouldn’t see you at all? But I ju… No, no, I knew what I was getting into. You can’t put a saddle on Leonard Hofstadter. Oh, my, is it getting hot in here? Ay, papi.| Ay papi? What is that?
 An acting choice.| Oh. So you chose that when you become turned on, you turn into Speedy Gonzalez?
 Choo got a problem with that, papi?| Uh-uh.
 All right. I thought the candy might not be enough so let me up the ante. These are Cooper Coupons. These are for various things I can do for you. Um, oh, this one is for one free grammar check. Uh, you could use it for emails, letters, tattoos, what have you. Um, oh, this is fun one. This is an afternoon with me at the California Science Center, where I point out their mistakes.| Keep an eye on those expiration dates, I’ve been burned more than once.
 Here you go. I’ve got everything we’ll need for the big game. Low fat turkey jerky, low-carb beer, 100-calorie snack packs.| You pick up a Y chromosome while you were there? You might be short one.
 Gentlemen, the game offers us a choice between playing for the Republic and the light side, or the Sith Empire and the dark side.| Well, we’re always the good guys. In D&D, we’re lawful good, in City Of Heroes, we’re the heroes, in Grand Theft Auto, we pay the prostitutes promptly and never hit them with a bat.
 Hey, guys, I got a surprise.| Uh, if it’s yoghurt that helps ladies poop, I think Raj beat you to it.
 Pew!| Raj, Imperial Troopers on your tail.
 Got him. When Gandhi advocated his philosophy of non-violence, I bet he didn’t know how much fun it was killing stuff.| All right, I think we got them all. Let’s divide up the loot.
 Yeah, I hate wedding receptions. I wish the bride and groom would take a cue from Bilbo Baggins, slip on the ring, disappear and everyone goes home.| Mmm, you liked Professor Guyster’s wedding.
 Alright, uh, fine, I’m coming and I’m bringing somebody. Uh, Koothrappali plus one.| Who you bringing?
 Quantum physics makes me so happy.| Yeah, I’m glad.
 Hi, you guys got a minute?| Sure, what’s up?
 Oh, that was no joke. But I understand your confusion as I am our group’s resident cut-up.| I’m sorry, you are our resident cut-up?
 Yes.| Prove it.
 Knock, knock.| Who’s there?
 Interrupting physicist.| Interrupting physi…
 Ah! A vintage, mint in box, 1975 Mego Star Trek transporter with real transporter action. Hot-darn!| Where did you get that?
 Uh, from Stuart at the comic-book store.| You went to the comic-book store by yourself?
 You’re welcome. Don’t worry, I didn’t forget about you. Leonard, I got you a label maker.| Wow. No, it’s great. Also, uh, mint in box.
 Mmm. And, I got you a transporter too!| Awesome!
 Oh, that’s great. Let’s open it up and put him in there.| Ah!
 They’re mint in box.| They’re Collectables.
 No!| Once you open the box it loses its value.
 That was weird.| Really? I don’t even notice any more.
 I cannot believe you guys aren’t going to play with these.| Well I told you, you don’t, it’s mint in box.
 Leonard, I bought you this because I wanted you to have fun with it. I don’t want it to just sit in this box.| You know, you’re right. I mean, it’s from you, I’m never going to sell it. I’m opening it.
 Mmmmm!| It’s broken.
 You know, I paid a lot for this. Let’s take it over there and show him.| Absolutely.
 Wait. It was me. I opened your toy, discovered it was broken and didn’t tell you.| Why would you open mine?
 I didn’t. That was a lie. I opened my own toy. And it was already broken so I switched them.| Well, you should talk to Stuart.
 My Mr Spock doll came to me in a dream and forced me to open it. And when the toy broke I switched it for yours. Later he encouraged me to do the right thing and I defied him. And then I was attacked by a Gorn.| Okay, that I believe.
 Leonard, Penny, I just, I want you both to know that I regret my actions toward the two of you. That’s a lie.| So, is that one mine.
 Yes.| Well, hand it over so I can open it.
 Okay. Leonard, even though I don’t have one any more, I hope you have fun playing with it.| And that’s a lie, right?
 Believe me, I know. The e-mail I got was from the office of Stephen Hawking.| You’re kidding.
 He’s coming to the university for a couple weeks to lecture, and he’s looking for an engineer to help maintain the equipment on his wheelchair.| That’s amazing. You’ll be like his pit crew. A word of caution, I would not do your Stephen Hawking impression in front of him.
 Oh, boy, Sheldon’s going to freak out.| Yeah, he worships Hawking.
 Hm, it’s no big deal.| Boy, a restraining order from Stephen Hawking. It’ll look so nice next to the ones he’s already got from Leonard Nimoy, Carl Sagan and Stan Lee.
 Leonard, do you recall when I said that I was going to revolutionize humanity’s understanding of the Higgs boson particle, and you said, Sheldon, it’s two a.m., get out of my bedroom?| Like it was ten hours ago. What about it?
 Well, I believe I’ve done it. And I’m only saying believe to sound modest, because, sweet Sam Houston, I did it.| Really?
 Yep.| Still going to introduce him?
 Howard, please, I’m begging you.| Raj, you’re our group historian. Has Sheldon ever begged before?
 Okay, look, how about this? Just give him my paper on the Higgs boson. If he sees the incredible breakthrough I’ve made, he’ll reach out to me.| What if he doesn’t?
 Walking away.| You do realize you own his ass right now.
 Oh, guys, I just remembered. I got you some Hawking souvenirs.| What are these?
 Oh, I understand the confusion. I have never said that you are not good at what you do. It’s just that what you do is not worth doing.| It’s nicer than anything he’s ever said to me. I’d take it and run.
 Wrong. Leonard?| Horse, but mostly just for the height. A little bit for the genital girth.
 Kangaroo, uh, I’d be a Kanga-Jew. The first of my people to dunk a basketball.| Also instead of just living in your mother’s house, you could actually live inside her body.
 Clever, but also wrong. No, the best organism for human beings to merge with is the lichen itself. That way, you’d be human, fungus, and algae. Triple threat. Like three-bean salad.| Give me one circumstance in which that would be useful.
 He got us again.| No, he didn’t.
 What can I tell ya, I’m not into that stuff any more.| Good for you, Howard. I’m proud of you. And still, you’re the first one of us to get married. We have to do something special.
 Anyway, it’s a beautiful time of year. Uh, you travel through the vineyards. There’s a tasting on board. And all the wild flowers are in bloom. It’s magic.| Look at that, in 30 seconds, we went from hiring women to being them.
 So, I hear you and the lost boys are having a bachelor party tonight.| Yeah, just going to a restaurant, get some steaks and scotch. Nothing to worry about.
 Why should I worry?| Well, I don’t know. It’s a bachelor party. There could be strippers. Wouldn’t that make you a little jealous?
 Oh, come on Leonard, it’s you. What’s going to happen? I mean, even if there was a stripper, all you’d do is avoid eye-contact and maybe offer to help her kid with his homework.| Hey, I am a young man in his sexual prime. Under the right conditions, I-I-I am capable of just, really crazy stuff.
 Really? What is the craziest thing you’ve ever done with a woman? And the time you and I had sex in the ocean does not count.| Oh, come on, that’s got to count. There was a really strong undertow, we could have died.
 Well, have fun tonight.| Oh, I will. There is no telling what might happen.
 Yeah, there is.| You know, there’s nothing wrong helping some woman’s kid get through their S.A.T.’s.
 It’s not bad. Unless you compare it to a train; then it stinks.| Are you drinking whisky?
 Indeed. If I’m to participate in the social convention that is the stag night, then I must embrace all its components, including tobacco, swear words, and yes, alcohol. Jeepers! That’s yucky.| Whoa, it’s a little early to start dropping J-bombs, don’t you think?
 Hey, you guys.| Oh, hey, Wil. Nice of you to make it out tonight for Howard.
 Hey, uh, Leonard, things are a little tight at the comic book store. I might need some help covering my share of the check.| Oh, yeah, no worries.
 And maybe a few bucks for the valet.| Oh, all right.
 And gas money to get home.| Yeah, sure.
 Great. You know what? This is my grandfather’s watch.| Oh.
 18-carat gold, got it in Europe during the war.| Wow, that’s very nice.
 Doubleazinga! I do! Good luck following that.| So, Howard Wolowitz tying the knot. Leaving his crazy bachelor days behind. He was a wild one. Well, I guess we all kind of were. I remember this one time, I was with this girl at the beach. We were in the ocean and we started making out. I know, it was crazy. I wasn’t even wearing my Aquasocks. Then…
 Nobody cares, Hofstadter. Wwap it up.| Right. To Howard.
 To Howard.| I totally had sex in the ocean.
 It’s not your fault, it’s mine. I did all that stuff, not you.| Actually, you did do one of them together.
 I don’t know what my next move is.| Well, Howard, I don’t know much about women.
 Yeah?| No, uh, that, that’s it. I don’t know much about women. Raj, you got anything?
 No, you’re not.| Come on, please.
 If you want to do something, you can help me fold this sheet.| Folding a sheet in my underwear, still pretty crazy.
 Okay.| Do you think maybe it’s tight because you’re wearing long underwear?
 Yes, of course that’s why it’s tight.| All right, let me rephrase the question. Why are you wearing long underwear?
 Well, that’s it. My orders have been rescinded. I am officially no go to space.| I’m sorry, Howard, but I got to tell you, I’m a little relieved you’re not going.
 Why?| Come on, you were gonna go up in a rocket designed in the 1960s by the Russians.
 Yeah, so?| When was the last time you were at Best Buy and you heard someone say, ooh, check out this Blu-ray player, it must be good, it was built in Russia”?
 Ah, much better.| You must be burning up.
 Uh, where’s he going?| He keeps emergency Purell in the car.
 For the record, not your worst opening line.| Check it out. It’s the gas I use in my free-electron laser to support high voltages. But it also has an interesting secondary use. Here. Breathe this in.
 B-Before I do it, if you’re a cop you have tell me, right?| Just try it.
 Oh, Mm. Hey, you know how we’ve been taking things slow?| Mm-hmm.
 Well, I’ve been thinking, and maybe I’m ready to take things a little faster.| Oh, great.
 Mm-hmm.| And I promise, after waiting four months, fast is what you’re gonna get.
 You know, just-just one thing. Look, we’re in a really great place right now, and I don’t want to do anything that will make stuff all weird again.| So we won’t let it get weird.
 Who says something like that right in the middle of sex?| I don’t know, it just came out. People say weird things during sex all the time.
 Okay, well, they sure as hell don’t say that.| It was the heat of the moment.
 No, the heat of the moment is, ooh, yeah, just like that, not will you marry me?| I’m sorry. Just, just give me another chance.
 Why, so you can crawl under the covers and go, hey, baby, want to go look for houses in neighbourhoods with good schools?| Again, I’m sorry. You know, with Howard and Bernadette getting married, I got caught up in a little wedding fever. I take it back.
 You can’t take something like that back. I mean, what are we even supposed to do now?| Okay, at some point, we’ll look back and this is going to be a funny story. Why don’t we just start doing that now?
 You’re kidding.| No. Hey, do you remember that time when I proposed to you in bed? And you were all, like, what are you doing? That was so funny. So funny.
 It’s not funny.| Give it a minute. Is that a little smile I see there? I should go.
 Bishop to queen four, level two. Check.| Sheldon, knight takes bishop. You all right?
 I’m fine.| Are you? You left your queen exposed from above, you trapped your knight in the corner, and you keep sighing and saying, why me?
 Very well. Can I ask you a question about women?| We got you that book last year. Wasn’t everything in there?
 No, I’m having a relationship problem with Amy. And by the way, that book gave me nightmares.| Well, if it makes you feel any better, I screwed things up pretty good with Penny.
 Look at us, Leonard, engaging in the social convention of men bellyaching about their ol’ ladies.| I guess we are. So, what’s going on?
 Believe it or not, Amy has embarked on a campaign to increase my feelings for her by making me happy.| I’m sorry, that must be very difficult for you.
 It’s awful. This morning, she arranged for me to be an Amtrak junior conductor for the day. It, it’s usually only open to children. She got them to make an exception.| Shame on her.
 They let me blow the whistle, Leonard.| She’s good.
 I know. And it gets worse. Her efforts are causing me to have affectionate feelings for her at inappropriate times.| You mean, like in bed or in the shower?
 No! Would you please stop referencing that infernal book? For example, this morning, I was calculating the random motion of virtual particles in a vacuum, when suddenly the particles morphed into an image of Amy’s dandruff gently cascading down onto her pale, slightly hunched shoulders. Oh, what has that vixen done to me, Leonard? And how do I make it stop?| Well, if you had a physical relationship, I’d say propose during sex. Turns out that’s a real mood killer.
 I assume we’re talking about you now?| Yeah.
 So, that’s how this works? I complain, and then you complain, and no one offers any solutions?| Pretty much.
 Hey.| Hey. Off to work?
 Yeah.| Have a nice night.
 Okay, you, too.| Penny, just, wait. I’ve been thinking about what I said when we were in bed the other night.
 Yeah, I’ve been thinking about it, too.| I noticed you never answered me.
 Yep.| Is it still weird ’cause I proposed?
 Yep.| I have a couple more quick questions. Do you want to call me from the car?
 Hello, Leonard.| What are you doing?
 The uterus quivers, does it not?| There’s Howard’s rocket, live from Kazakhstan.
 Thank you for the invitation, but I have to decline because it doesn’t sound like something I’ll enjoy.| Come on, Sheldon, it’ll be fun.
 I know.| Where’d you get a beer?
 You proposed to Penny?| I don’t want to talk about it.
 Where did he pop the question? What did you say?| She said no, can we drop it now?
 Good move telling Sheldon.| What, I can’t propose? I can’t talk to my friends? Is there anything else I’m not allowed to do?
 Leonard, where did you envision marrying Penny?| Will you shut up?
 Oh!| That’s so cool.
 Okay, so we know we’re going to do it Sunday morning. Now we need to find a good place for the satellite to see us.| How about our roof?
 Fantastic Four, annual number three from 1965, in mint condition. The one where Mr. Fantastic and the Invisible Girl get married.| Oh, wow.
 I bought you and Bernadette a gravy boat worth eighty-eight dollars. Which places me in your debt and I can’t be in your debt because someday you might ask me to help you move, or to kill a man.| I doubt he’ll ask you to kill a man.
 Okay, I’ll, I’ll go. Howard and Bernadette, I know you two planned on getting married in a big fancy wedding, but when you’re in love, it doesn’t matter where or how these things happen. It just matters that you have each other.| Hmm.
 Problem?| No.
 Oh, grow up.| Hey, I didn’t say it.
 Well, I’m ending it. Bernadette, I want to thank you for allowing me to be your maid of honour. I also want you to know, that I will be happy to do it again if this marriage craps out.| Thank you, Amy. Very touching. Howard and Bernadette, you are lucky enough to be best friends who love each other. And that’s the strongest kind of love because at its core, it has kindness, patience, and respect. Qualities that are hard to find in people these days.
 Did I miss it?| No, come on in. Hurry.
 I can’t believe it. This whole time, a small part of me thought he was lying.| This is it.
 So, Howard’s really in space, huh?| Mm-hmm, International Space Station. 250 miles that way.
 I must admit, I can’t help but feel a twinge of envy. He can look out the window and see the majesty of the universe unfolding before his eyes. His dim, uncomprehending eyes. It’s like a cat in an airport carrying case.| You know, it’s not exactly glamorous up there. The water that the astronauts drink is made from each other’s recycled urine.
 I wonder what he’s doing right this very second.| Mm, conducting experiments in zero gravity.
 Leonard, where do you stand on the anthropic principle?| Interesting question. On the one hand, I always thought…
 You don’t even know what it is, do you? The anthropic principle states that if we wish to explain why our universe exists the way it does, the answer is that it must have qualities that allow intelligent creatures to arise who are capable of asking the question. As I am doing so eloquently right now.| I know what the anthropic principle is.
 Of course. I just explained it to you. Now, where do you stand on it?| Where do you stand on it? 
 Strongly pro.| Then I believe that God created the world in six days, and on the seventh he made you to annoy me.
 Hey, guys.| Hey.
 Attaboy!| Well, hang on. Why do you believe that he knows what it is and I don’t?
 Hey, uh, if you guys are free tonight, I heard about a spa where you soak your feet n a pool full of little fish that eat all the dead skin right off them. I don’t need to tell you in Los Angeles, sandal season is year round.| Actually, I’m hanging out with Penny. 
 Really? I can come? Thanks.| Sheldon, are you sure you want to be bringing Raj on your date night with Amy?
 This is great. What’s the occasion?| No occasion. You know, things have been a little weird between us, so I wanted to throw together a fun night just for you.
 That is so sweet.| I got all your favourites. Beer, wings, sliders. We can watch the football game. I even painted my stomach.
 Go Sports?| Well, in case you were in the mood for baseball, I didn’t want to look ridiculous.
 This is awesome. I love it!| Good, I’m glad. 
 Gosh, I worked my ass off today. This is exactly what I needed.| Great. Just relax and enjoy. Tonight is all about you.
 Ah, thank you!| So, where exactly are we in this relationship?
 Oh, come on. I just told you I had a hard day.| You’re right, I’m sorry. Let’s watch the game. 
 Great.| I just know the longer we wait to talk about it, the weirder it gets.
 Sweetie, can I just be the girl tonight?| Absolutely. You’re the girl, I’m the guy. Now, you watch your football game while I make you a little plate here.
 Hello-lo-lo.| What are you doing here? I thought you were out with Sheldon and Amy.
 I was, but it’s their anniversary and I didn’t want to be a third wheel, so I figured I’d come over here and hang out with you and Penny on your date.| Well, it’s not really a great time. Penny and I have some things we need to talk about.
 Sweet!| I can’t believe I shaved my stomach for this.
 All right, who’s ready for another beer?| I’m good.
 Oh, I’m having the nicest time. You guys are like family to me. You know that, right?| That’s great. Get out.
 What? Why?| Penny and I have some issues we need to talk about.
 Now, don’t blame yourself. He was a groveller from way back. But the point is, the two of you got past it. And, Leonard, you go and propose to this poor girl in the middle of sex? That was some weak tea, dude.| Some people might say it was romantic.
 Yeah, no. But yet, here you two are, still together. And that’s even after you and I had our crazy naked night.| Okay.
 I’m just saying that after everything you’ve been through, you get to look into each other’s eyes and say “I love you.” And that’s beautiful.| Actually, to this day, she’s never really said it.
 You don’t have to shout, Raj. It’s not like I’m an astronaut floating around in outer space. Oh, wait, I am.| So, is it everything you hoped it would be?
 Okay, my turn. Let me talk to him.| Go ahead.
 Excuse me. I didn’t authorize this.| Sheldon, you are not in charge.
 The big deal is I was expecting us to be an intimate group of five. Now, we’re going to be a faceless mass of six.| It’ll be fine. Just, uh, pretend he’s Wolowitz.
 I think I might have tartar buildup. My tongue won’t go as far forward as it used to.| Maybe your tongue is shrinking.
 Thank you. I appreciate that. You’re good people, Leonard. There’s something I need to tell you.| Okay.
 I can’t tell you.| Why?
 I can’t tell you why I can’t tell you. So I guess there’s two things I can’t tell you.| I wish there were more.
 Good night. I’m sorry. This is really important.| What is it?
 I like The Transformers. Do you like The Transformers?| Where exactly did your mother have you tested?
 Leonard, the Transformers teach us that things are not always what they appear to be. You know, like, uh, a semi truck might be an alien robot, or, uh, someone in a romantic relationship, uh, might feel differently than they appear to. Or a conversation about The Transformers might actually be about someone in this room. I’m going to pause to let that sink in.| Okay, I think I understand.
 You do?| The guy who seems like an emotionless robot is you, but your relationship with Amy is causing you to transform into a red-blooded man with sexual desires.
 Are you sleeping?| I was. Now I’m having a nightmare. What do you want?
 Leonard? Maybe you’d like to go with them to meet girls.| Why would I be interested? I have Penny.
 Yeah, for now. But that woman has a death wish, Leonard. She talks to strangers, she pets unfamiliar dogs, and it is ridiculously easy to break into her apartment. If I were you, I’d get a back-up.| You can’t just replace someone you care about with some other random person.
 Do you remember how upset I was when they replaced Edward Norton as the Hulk?| Yes, you walked around for a week saying, Sheldon unhappy with casting choice.
 But, then Mark Ruffalo was the Hulk in The Avengers, and he was even better.| What’s your point?
 Call me a romantic. I like to think that your Mark Ruffalo is still out there somewhere.| This is ridiculous. Are we gonna play cards or not?
 Really?| Yup. I told him if he didn’t bite the hygienist, I’d take him for ice cream.
 Mmm.| I didn’t have to take him for ice cream.
 Uh-huh.| You okay? You seem a little distracted.
 Look, there’s something I need to tell you.| Oh. Yeah, okay.
 I don’t really know how to say this.| Just say it.
 Okay. Here goes.| Mm-hmm.
 Oh, boy, a whole dollar. Now, I can quit my paper route. So, what’s in it?| Mmm, doesn’t matter. Half the time, he just ends up playing with the box.
 Oh, disgusting.| No, what’s disgusting is he’s still keeping track.
 Why do you need all this stuff?| No, no, no, no.
 Yeah, the point is Higgs is being celebrated for work he did 50 years ago, so that got me thinking, perhaps I’ve already hit upon the idea that will win me my Nobel prize.| I didn’t know they gave Nobel prizes for making boom-boom in the potty.
 Well, this box only covers my work through nursery school. There’s a good deal more to come. I didn’t really hit my academic stride until I cut out that time-suck known as playing outdoors.| So, you’re going to spend hours and hours combing through all this stuff?
 That’s a good point. My time is much too valuable. You know, perhaps I should find someone to do it for me. You know, someone with a rudimentary understanding of science, but whose real talents lie in menial labour.| Not gonna happen.
 Well, if I didn’t think you could handle it, I wouldn’t be asking.| If you want help, just hire a grad student.
 Hello.| Sheldon, aren’t you going to introduce us?
 I’m Alex, Dr. Cooper’s new assistant.| Ah, congratulations and may God have mercy on your soul. I’m Leonard. This is Raj.
 I should probably get to work.| She seems nice.
 Hey, you already got a girlfriend. I call dibs.| All I said was she seems nice.
 Here’s your frozen yoghurt, Dr. Cooper.| This should be fun.
 Um, top one, yes. I didn’t check the one on the bottom.| Oh!
 It’s all right, Alex. I’m not mad at you, I’m just disappointed.| Wait, Alex. Do you want to join us?
 Uh, Alex, a moment. I need a word with Dr. Hofstadter. Do you think it’s appropriate for her to sit with us, given her station?| Given her what?
 If I’ve learned anything from British television shows on PBS, it’s that servants dine downstairs with their own kind.| What?
 It’s a kindness, Leonard. Otherwise, you’re cruelly tempting them with a glimpse of a world that’s just beyond their soot-stained fingertips.| Oh, sure. Please join us.
 Oh, okay. Thank you.| So, Alex, what’s the topic of your dissertation?
 I’m looking for Trojan asteroids at Earth’s L-Five Lagrange point.| Oh, that happens to be Dr. Koothrappali’s field of expertise. You two have a lot to talk about.
 Is that true? Is he all right?| No. But compared to your boss, he’s the poster boy for sanity.
 It’s okay, I’ve been around scientists all my life. My dad’s an astronomer at SETI.| Oh, SETI, the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence. You should introduce him to Sheldon. The search is over.
 So, what kind of research are you doing?| High-energy lasers.
 Ooh. Military?| Not yet, but I can remove unwanted hair from two miles away.
 You’re very funny, Dr. Hofstadter.| Thank you.
 So, how was work today?| Ah, it was all right, I guess. Got to Heimlich a cherry stem out of Sheldon. Caught Raj right in the eye.
 Oh! You’re kidding.| No, Raj had to go to the nurse.
 Wow. Anything else?| Mmm, the nurse is a woman, so he couldn’t talk to her. She had to bring him a Grover puppet so he could point at what hurt.
 Oh, is that it?| Isn’t that enough? It had the weaponised fruit and a puppet. What more do you want?
 Well, a lot of people can’t. Uh, hey.| Where are we going?
 Howard’s capsule should be re-entering the atmosphere any minute.| It’ll be good to have him back.
 Okay, one vote for, one vote against. Leonard, you’re the tiebreaker.| I don’t have a problem with Stuart. Besides, he gives us a twenty percent discount at his comic book store.
 I know.| All right, Pictionary. What are the teams?
 Uh, box? Uh, window?| Batman. Batman and Robin. Uh, Wonder Twins plus the monkey. Wonder Twins plus the monkey and Batman.
 Oh, Leonard. Now, how can you not get that?| In what universe is that a present?
 It’s a quark-gluon plasma.| No.
 It’s asymptotically free partons inside a quark-gluon plasma.| Nothing with quarks.
 It’s an observational rebuttal of the Lambda-CDM model of the universe.| No.
 Yes.| How could you miss that?
 Hey, if you want someone to guess chocolate chip cookie, you draw a glass of milk next to it.| Penny got it.
 There.| A solar system. Uh, uh, uh, uh, um, unidentified flying liverwurst? I don’t…
 Come on, Leonard, I am spoon-feeding this to you.| I don’t know, uh, Casper the alcoholic ghost?
 I am not a loser. Pictionary is not a true test of any real intelligence or skill.| Mmm, in all fairness, Pictionary has verbal skills, visual skills. It’s a pretty well-rounded game.
 It’s a game that I just invented, in which the participants answer physics questions in remedial Spanish. Um, ¿Dónde está el boson de Higgs?| En el acelerador de particulares.
 All games are made up. They’re not found in nature. You don’t just dig in the ground, come across a rich vein of Rock’em Sock’em Robots.| Just pick another game.
 Why don’t we do something athletic like go over to the university pool and play water polo?| No good, Sheldon doesn’t float.
 Darts is a bar game. You’ve been frequenting drinking establishments since you were of legal age.| Yeah, that’s when it started.
 No.| Uh-uh.
 Hurry up, find him, find him.| I’m trying. Don’t yell at me.
 For goodness’ sake, he’s wearing a hat, glasses, and a red striped shirt.| I know what he looks like.
 How could you not find him?| Because he’s hard to find. If he was easy to find, the books would be called There’s Waldo.
 Long division, long division. Go, go, go.| Remember, show your work.
 I’m okay. I’m okay. I’m not okay.| Get up, we can’t lose at math.
 Wait. I’m a little concerned. Blueberries are rich in antioxidants.| So?
 So, with all those antioxidants, what if I run out of oxidants?| Sheldon, we haven’t won a game all night. Now, you either stick your face in that pie or I’m gonna stick that pie in your face.
 Oh, ow, blueberry in my nose, blueberry in my nose!| Snort it down and keep eating!
 Well, Howard, that’s very nice of you.| Yeah, maybe. Open it first.
 But you know what wasn’t a party? That hotel in Kazakhstan they put you up in before the launch. I mean, it’s your last night on Earth. You’d think you’d get one porn channel.| Have you noticed that Howard can take any topic and use it to remind you that he went to space?
 Interesting hypothesis. Let’s apply the scientific method, perform an experiment.| Okay. Hey, Howard, any thoughts on where we should get dinner?
 Anybody home?| Hey, what are you doing here?
 I just thought I’d stop by and say hello.| Oh, what a nice surprise. I don’t think you’ve ever seen my lab before.
 No, I know. It’s long overdue. So, what ya doing? Better not be building a robot girlfriend.| No. Although Howard was making some real strides in that area until he met Bernadette.
 You’re kidding.| Nope. Now the Lisatronic 3000 just sits in a box waiting for the phone to ring.
 Ooh! What’s going on in here?| Oh, no, no, no, don’t look in there.
 What, is it secret?| No, it’s a nitrogen laser. It’ll cook your eyeball like a soft-boiled egg.
 Oh. You might want to put a sign on it.| Sign right there.
 Ah. Danger. Sure, sure. Yeah. What’s, what’s that?| Uh, that is an integrated ion trap and time-of-flight mass spectrometer.
 Wow. High-techie-techie. What’s this little box?| That is a pencil sharpener.
 Ooh, low-techie-techie. So, what are you working on right now?| It’s actually pretty neat.
 Yeah?| Yeah. It’s a front-projected holographic display combined with laser-based finger tracking. Here, I’ll show you. We’ll just put this pencil over here.
 Wow. That is amazing.| You know, there’s a foundational idea in string theory that the whole universe may be a hologram.
 Hmm.| What?
 Sometimes I forget how smart you are.| You should visit more often. What are you doing?
 Take off your clothes.| What? Here? Now?
 Yeah. You got a problem with that?| No, no. It’s kind of crazy. I’ve never fooled around in the lab before.
 Really? Never?| No. I did have a shot with the Lisatronic, but the extension cord wasn’t long enough.
 That reminds me, I was thinking about wearing my NASA jumpsuit as a costume. But then I realized everyone would be, like, where’s your costume? Why are you wearing your work clothes, you nut?| Hello, boys.
 What are you smiling at?| Nothing.
 Whoa! That’s heavy.| Yeah. Oh, uh, you don’t have on any jewellery, do you?
 No. Why?| A grad student forgot to take out one of his piercings. Now he’s on a transplant list waiting for a nipple his size. Now watch this.
 Whoa! That is very cool.| Sometimes I like to turn this on and pretend I’m the super villain Magneto.
 Getting a little less cool, Leonard.| But what I really am is a very smart scientist who understands the mechanics of the universe and is wearing the sexy black underwear you bought him.
 Look at that, the problem solved itself.| Hello, boys.
 And Albert Einstein?| Ja, und later she’s going to arrest me for goink fashter zen da shpeed of light.
 I thought we said in the car, no accents?| Sorry, Officer.
 Yeah, I wish we looked as cool dancing in clubs as we do right now.| Don’t worry, this is exactly how you look when you’re dancing in clubs.
 Friends! It’s Words with Friends! Which Stephen Hawking and I officially are. Now all I need is a bunk bed with a slide, I’ll have everything I’ve ever wanted since I was six years old.| That’s really nice, Sheldon, I’m happy for you.
 And if they ever come out with a game called Words with People You Once Worked With, you’ll be off to the races.| Sheldon, I don’t think this actually means…
 Spaghetti okay?| It’s crunchy. Just the way I like it.
 Yeah, I don’t think the water was really boiling.| It’s great. I love it.
 Okay, listen, there’s something I need to tell you. I’ve been thinking about going back to school for a while now. So a couple months ago, I started taking a history class at the community college.| Oh. That’s great. Great, great, great. Why wait so long to tell me?
 I don’t want you to make a big deal out of it.| Why do you think I’d be like that? I get it, you’re taking one class. It’s nice. Maybe if it goes well, you take another, you enrol full-time. Ooh, be sure to keep an eye on which credits transfer to a four-year college.
 You’re making it a big deal.| Sorry. Whatever. It’s all good.
 Anyway, that’s it. I just thought you should know.| Am I allowed to ask how the class is going?
 It’s really good. We’ve been talking about the origins of slavery. Turn in my first paper tomorrow.| Great topic. I can help with that. There are lots of different perspectives you can take, economic, sociological, political.
 Hey hey hey, this is my paper. And my perspective is that slavery is bad. Oh, and my professor’s black, so I’m pretty sure that’s the right answer.| Can I take a look?
 No, Leonard, this is my thing.| Okay, I get it.
 Thank you.| It’s like when I started doing chin-ups, I didn’t want you to see until I could do one. FYI, really close.
 Thank you. Now behave yourself and eat your dinner. Maybe later, if you’re lucky, you get to sleep with a college girl.| Really? ‘Cause I went to four years of college and five years of grad school, that never happened once.
 Play. Play. Play. Play. Play.| What are you doing?
 Trying to use a Jedi mind trick to control Stephen Hawking. Play. Play. Ugh! He must be wearing a tinfoil hat or something.| I did a bad thing.
 Does it affect me?| No.
 Stephen Hawking hates me.| I don’t know what to do. I mean, the paper’s terrible. But if I tell her, she’ll know that I read it and she’ll get really mad.
 I was beating him so bad, he doesn’t want to be friends anymore. Why does everyone love me except Stephen Hawking?| Is it possible we’re having two different conversations?
 How would I know? I’m not listening to you.| Hang on. Okay, here’s what we’re gonna do. Chess clock. We each get five minutes to talk about our problems. We’ll take turns. Each turn will consist of a statement and a helpful response from the friend. Begin.
 I humiliated Stephen Hawking in a game of Words with Friends. He stopped playing, and now we’re not friends anymore.| He’s probably busy. You’re worried about nothing. Give it a couple more days. I’m sure he’ll play, and you’ll see that everything’s fine. My turn. I can’t let Penny hand in a bad paper, but how do I tell her it’s bad without letting her know that I read it?
 Hmm. Beats me. Now, I know Hawking’s not busy because I can see he’s playing other people right now.| Maybe since you’re so good, he’s taking his time to meet the challenge. I want Penny to enjoy school…
 Wolowitz told me he’s a big baby. But I didn’t know that, and I played extract for 82 points. It’s all Amy’s fault. She told me to play it. I have got to cut her loose.| Sheldon, I wasn’t done talking. She hands in the paper tomorrow. I know I could help her. And she’s my girlfriend. I, I should be allowed to help her. Why aren’t I allowed to help her?
 Yeah, I hear you, brother.| No. You need to give me some advice.
 Fine. Women, huh?| No, specific to my situation.
 Blonde women, huh?| Empathetic.
 It sucks to be you.| I quit.
 Leonard, wait. No. I listened to your dumb thing. Leonard, come back. Leonard, come back. Leonard, come back.| What?
 Leonard. It’s eight a.m. It’s like the middle of the night.| I know, but I have to go to work, and I made you breakfast.
 Oh, wow, that’s so sweet. Hey, what’s this?| Uh, before you open that, um, are you familiar with the story of The Shoemaker and the Elves?
 Elves? Come on, Leonard. It’s too early for Lord of the Rings.| No, no. Listen, um, once upon a time, there was this shoemaker and when he went to bed at night, elves would sneak in and they would make all these amazing shoes for him. And when the shoemaker woke up in the morning, he, he would be super happy, not mad at the elves at all. Open it.
 Okay. An examination of the economic, cultural, and political roots of slavery in the Old South, 1619 to 1865. What the hell is this?| Don’t ask me. A little elf did it.
 So let me get this straight. You just assumed my paper would be bad so you wrote one for me?| No, I assumed it would be good. Then I read it.
 What?| No, I, I mean, it was good. There were just a few things that needed a little polishing.
 You changed every word.| That’s not true. Uh, slavery. 1619. Your name at the top. That’s all you.
 You are such an ass. This is exactly why I didn’t want to tell you I was taking a class in the first place.| Please don’t be upset. I just, I didn’t want you ending up with a bad grade and get discouraged and give up on the idea of going back to school.
 Right, because me being in school is so important to you. That way, you wouldn’t have to be dating someone who’s only a waitress.| Oh, come on, you know that’s not true.
 Do I? Listen to me. I need to do this on my own. If I fail, I fail. If I pass, I pass. Do you get it?| I’m sorry. I was just trying to help.
 Nope. I have no reason to… “B” mad at you. Minus.| Wow.
 That’s right. On my paper. Not yours, mine, you punk-ass elf.| I don’t know what to say.
 It’s Stephen Hawking.| Well answer it. I want to hear.
 I was out raising heck with Mr. Wil Wheaton. Four hours more and we would have closed down the HomeTown Buffet.| I thought you had plans with Amy.
 Yeah, I did, but then Wil called Amy a pain in the A-S-S. She got huffy and left, then Wil and I headed out to dinner. That place really did remind me of my hometown. Because there we also have a HomeTown Buffet.| Hold on. Wil and Amy had an argument?
 Yes, quite the kerfuffle.| Then Amy got mad and left?
 Walked right out the door.| And you?
 Enjoyed a delightful dinner at a reasonable price. The manager recognized Wil and let us sit right next to the frozen yoghurt machine. Right next to it. I was closer to it than I am to you right now.| Buddy, I think Amy might be upset.
 Why’s that?| Because your friend was rude to her, and then you went to dinner with him.
 You’re just repeating what I said. It’s like living with a lactose-intolerant parrot.| Trust me, call her.
 Precisely, I didn’t do anything. Now does someone feel like checking her emotional math?| Keep going, buddy, you’re doing great.
 Boy, if these walls could talk.| They’d say, why does he touch himself so much?
 Yeah. I can’t believe I’m not going to live here anymore. This has always been my bedroom. Right here is where my mom used to mark my height.| Oh, yeah. Fifth grade. Sixth grade. Seventh grade. Eighth grade. Ninth grade.
 Sometime around the third Almond Joy.| Okay. You want to start loading this stuff into the truck?
 Yeah, I guess. Hey, would you do me a favour? Go on ahead. I just want one last moment alone in my old room.| We’re not standing outside by the U-Haul while you fondle yourself.
 Oh, you silly doodlebug.| You know, a lot of scientists believe that making contact with other life-forms would probably not end well for us.
 Have you guys ever noticed that Sheldon always disappears every day at two forty-five?| Really?
 He probably just goes to the bathroom.| Actually, no, he goes to the bathroom at eight a.m. with optional follow-ups at one forty-five and seven ten high-fibre Fridays.
 It’s sad that you know that.| Oh, that’s just the tip of the sadness iceberg.
 Ooh, this is exciting. Like one of my classic murder mystery dinner parties.| Right, the case of who murdered three Saturday nights of my life?
 So, how was work today?| Well, I spent most of the afternoon growing isotopically pure crystals for neutrino detection.
 That sounds like fun.| Yeah, it was.
 Oh, good, I guessed right.| Who you talking to?
 Oh, just this guy I met at school.| Oh, great. We’re still dating, right?
 Relax. He’s just a friend. We’re doing an oral report together. He’s really nice.| I’m sorry, what was that? I had a little stroke after oral.
 Would you stop? Look, he just moved here from London, okay? He doesn’t really know anybody.| Oh, good, an English accent, the sexiest accent you can have.
 No. That’s not true. There’s French, there’s Italian. No, you’re right, it’s the best.| Did you tell him you have a boyfriend?
 It didn’t come up.| Well, maybe you should tell him.
 What am I supposed to say?| Say, can’t talk right now, hanging with my boyfriend. England sucks, you suck, USA number one.
 Fine. Hanging with my boyfriend. Talk to you later. Happy?| Yes. Thank you.
 Mm-hmm. Hmm.| What did he say?
 Nothing.| What?
 Did your boyfriend make you type that?| I hate this guy.
 Don’t be like that.| Come on, trust me, he’s hitting on you.
 No, he’s not. We’re just friends. Look, is this gonna be a problem? Because he’s supposed to come over tomorrow to work.| Really? Here?
 If it makes you uncomfortable, I’ll switch partners, even though the thing’s due next week and everyone already has a partner and I’ll probably end up failing the class.| That’d be great. Thank you.
 To be honest, I didn’t know you were here.| It’s not a big deal. He’s just in her history class. They’re working on a project together. I don’t even know why I care. You know what, I don’t care.
 You think you don’t care?| This is silly. I have nothing to worry about.
 Oh, I don’t know. I mean, statistically speaking, I’m sure you have something to worry about.| What do you mean?
 Well, if we assume your looks are average, yeah, right off the bat, fifty percent of men on Earth are more attractive than you. That’s one point five billion handsome lads standing by, waiting to rain on your parade.| Well, yeah, but this isn’t just about looks. I’m, I’m way above average in a lot of other things.
 Not height, vision, athleticism, or ability to digest dairy products.| I’m talking about important things like emotional maturity.
 You were just spying on your girlfriend through a peephole.| I liked it better when you thought I wasn’t here.
 I’m not saying you don’t have attractive qualities. Your choice of friends is impeccable, you’re a good sleeper, and last but not least, you buy the grapes I like. You’re a real catch compared to some snoring guy with a fridge full of lousy grapes.| None of this matters. I trust that Penny cares about me, and nothing’s gonna happen with this guy.
 Well, unless of course he’s a skilled hypnotist.| What?
 While unlikely, it’s still a statistical possibility. She might be performing sexual acts with him and not even know it.| Now you’re just being ridiculous.
 Hey.| You, uh, moving into the apartment on the fifth floor?
 No, I was just visiting a friend.| Oh, cool. That cute blonde on four?
 Yeah. You know her?| I, well, I see her around. I like to keep my distance because her boyfriend is a pretty scary dude.
 Really?| Yeah. He’s ganged up.
 She told me he’s a scientist.| That’s the name of his gang. The Scientists. They are crazy.
 Oh, hello, Dr. Hofstadter.| Hey, Alex, and call me Leonard. Dr. Hofstadter is my father. And my mother. And my sister. And our cat. Although, I’m pretty sure Dr. Boots Hofstadter’s degree was honorary.
 May I join you, Leonard?| Sure.
 Thanks.| Hey, Alex, let me ask you something. My girlfriend knows this guy at school. He’s got an English accent.
 Ooh, I love English accents.| Yeah, you all do. Anyway, I feel like he’s hitting on her. She says he’s just being nice and that I should trust her.
 It’s probably harmless. You know how it is. I’m sure you get hit on all the time.| Right. Because girls are always like, ooh, that guy owns two Star Trek uniforms and gets a lot of ear infections. I got to get me some of that.
 I don’t know, I bet it happens more than you realize.| Trust me, it doesn’t.
 You sure? You’re cute, you’re funny. Maybe you’re getting hit on, and you don’t even know it.| Really?
 No problem.| Hope-hope no girls rip my clothes off on the way.
 Hey, shouldn’t you be out with your gang, spray painting equations on the side of buildings?| Come on, I’m sorry.
 I just can’t believe you don’t trust me.| I do, of course I do.
 Then why did you embarrass me in front of my friend, who, by the way, knew exactly who you were?| Really?
 Your picture’s on my refrigerator.| Oh. You know, I’m really starting to not like this guy.
 What is your problem? Do you use up all your thinking at work and then have none left over for when you get home?| I don’t know. It-it-it’s hard sometimes. Everywhere you go, guys hit on you, even if I’m standing right there. And they’re all taller than me. Why is everyone taller than me? You know what, this is all in my head. It’s my problem, not yours.
 Leonard, why do you always do this? Listen to me, you’re the one I’m with. You know I love you, so will you please relax because you’re driving me crazy.| You know that’s the first time you ever said that you love me.
 Yeah.| We’re just supposed to pretend it’s not a big deal?
 That’s exactly what we’re gonna do because you’re about to make me cry, and we both know if I start crying, you’re gonna start crying.| You’re right, you should go.
 They are, too.| Your hypothesis is completely disconfirmed by all the data. You’re just clinging to it out of intellectual stubbornness.
 No, you’re displaying a shocking ignorance of the subject matter. Mummies and zombies are the exact same thing.| Oh, yeah? Mummies are wrapped in bandages.
 That’s called a fashion choice.| All right, you brought this on yourself. Sheldon, get him.
 If a zombie bites you, you turn into a zombie. However, if a mummy bites you, all you turn into is some schmo with a mummy bite. So, like a zombie, that’s been eaten from the waist down, you, sir, have no leg to stand on.| Good boy. Here’s a cookie.
 Hey, fellas, what’s going on?| Oh, mummies and zombies again.
 Oh, they’re not the same thing.| You get a cookie, too.
 It doesn’t matter. That’s my spot.| Maybe they reassigned it because you never use it.
 Yeah, that was five weeks ago. How much longer is he gonna milk that cow?| Sheldon, let it go. It’s not a big deal.
 No, no, this is a slippery slope, Leonard. It starts with a parking space, where does it end? It’s like my dad always said, first they say you can’t drink and drive, next thing you know, you can’t let your 10-year-old take the wheel while you sleep one off in the backseat.| All that story does is make me feel bad for your mother.
 Leonard, you’re my best friend. Why don’t you ever take my side?| Because I can never understand your side.
 Cookie.| I don’t have any.
 He’s in my spot. Leonard, make him stop being naked in my spot.| Howard, what are you doing?
 I didn’t pick up on that. That’s a nice touch.| Mmm.
 No. That’s it. I am calling campus security. You prepare for the scolding of your life.| What are you idiots doing?
 Would you please talk some sense into your lunatic roommate?| You’re both acting like lunatics. It’s just a parking spot.
 Can you believe this guy?| What I don’t believe is that you tried to run him over.
 Is anyone else troubled by the Spider-Man theme song?| Why would it trouble you? It’s, like, your third favourite cartoon theme song.
 I know, but that sounds anti-Semitic. Anyway, I was thinking we could have a little film festival tonight. The theme, movies that killed their franchises.| Oh. Like Jaws 4, Indiana Jones 4, Daredevil 1.
 Not me. I’m having dinner with Bernadette and her parents.| Fun. We know how much you love that.
 Sadly, yes. Amy’s taking me to a memorial service. It’s for one of her colleagues who is of Asian descent, so my planned conversational gambit is to casually remark that no matter how deep they dig his grave, he’ll never make his way back to China.| That should lighten the mood.
 If you don’t want to look foolish doing something, you should practice. Do you know how many Beef Wellingtons I made by myself before I invited you guys over? I’ll give you a hint. You can see them here, here and here.| Raj is probably right. You should get someone to give you some pointers.
 Do either of you guys know how to fish?| No.
 Fine. There.| I’m no expert, but I think the hook has to go through the worm.
 You got this, buddy.| Yeah, come on, Howard. Hook that worm.
 What, never?| My dad was an anthropologist. The only father-son time he spent was with a 2,000-year-old skeleton of an Etruscan boy. I hated that kid.
 Yeah, okay, Howard wins.| You know, maybe we didn’t have opportunities like this when we were growing up, but right now, there’s a dad that wants to take you on a fishing trip.
 Okay, now holding sides of hearth in position, lower mantelpiece assembly onto top tabs.| Look at that, I built a fireplace with my own two hands.
 You’re so butch.| Aw, I got a little paper cut.
 Of course you did. Your hands are softer than veal.| Oh, before I forget, Saturday I’m planning a little Dungeons and Dragons night with the guys.
 Really? That’s how you’re gonna spend your Saturday night?| Oh, come on, I hardly ever get a chance to play anymore.
 Oh, you poor thing. Is having a real-life girlfriend who has sex with you getting in the way of your board games?| Little bit, yeah.
 Actually that helps, thank you.| Would you just look inside?
 Oh, a scroll. I like scrolls. They’re my third favourite system of transmitting the written word. After stone tablets and skywriting. You have all been summoned to join a thrilling Dungeons and Dragons adventure. Your quest begins in a secret northern village of elves who have all been massacred. I like where this is heading. Your task is to rescue their leader from a dungeon of ogres. Oh, that’s a saucy twist. That leader’s name, Santa Claus. No, no, no.| It’s actually ho, ho, ho, but you’ll get the hang of it. Thought it’d be fun to make a quest with a holiday theme.
 Fun? Mixing Dungeons and Dragons with Christmas is like making a sandwich of grape jelly, the best-tasting jelly, and petroleum jelly, the worst-tasting jelly.| Okay, here we go. You find yourselves in the smoking remains of Santa’s village. Clearly, a great battle has taken place.
 Do you hear yourself when you say these things?| Okay, there are ogre tracks and a trail of broken candy canes in the snow. Sheldon, what do you do?
 I signal my contempt for your cruel plan to shove Christmas joy down my throat by making a gesture that says get a load of this guy.| Fine. Howard, what do you do?
 I follow the ogre tracks, checking for secret doors along the way.| And you discover a secret door leading to a dark corridor.
 No, screw that noise, I’m going in. Hang on, Santa, I’m coming for you.| Okay, you run into a room full of weapons, hit a trip wire, a cannon blows your face off, you die, you’re out of the game.
 Lucky.| Okay, come on, moving on.
 Maybe another time.| Okay…
 I don’t remember you buying these miniatures in my store.| Oh, uh, yeah. I got ’em on Amazon.
 Sure. I get it. Why support a friend when you can support a multinational conglomerate that is crushing the life out of that friend?| I know, but when I shop online, I can do it on the toilet.
 Can we please move this along?| Yeah, sorry. Uh, you come to the end of the tunnel and find a large chest. What do you do? And, Howard, do not say, I feel up the large chest.
 Excuse me, I’m a married man now. I wasn’t going to say anything so juvenile.| Great. What do you do?
 I open the chest.| It’s locked, but suddenly the door behind you slams shut and now the walls of the room start closing in.
 That’s not good. My character and I both have claustrophobia.| Glowing letters appear on the chest that read, If squashed to death you wish not to be, sing of Svaty Vaclav and his victory.
 Who the hell is Svaty Vaclav?| Walls are getting closer.
 Wait, Svaty Vaclav was the Duke of Bohemia.| You’re ten seconds away from getting crushed. Nine, eight.
 What are we supposed to do?| Seven, six.
 Never heard of it. Must be the one Christmas song not written by a Jewish guy.| Three, two.
 Good King Wenceslas looked out, on the feast of Stephen. When the snow lay ’round about, deep and crisp and even| The walls are getting slower.
 It was simple. I combined a well-known historical fact about Bohemia with the memory of my grandparents, Mee-Maw and Pop-Pop, singing Christmas carols while I sat in front of the fire and tried to build a high-energy particle accelerator out of Legos.| Okay, continuing our quest.
 I think the word you’re looking for is bravo.| Okay, you leave the room and find yourself standing before a pool of melted snowmen.
 Melted snowmen? Are there carrots and lumps of coal in the water?| I don’t know. What’s the difference?
 Well it’s a game of the imagination, Leonard. Paint a picture.| Fine. You leave the room and find yourself standing before a pool of melted snowmen. There are carrots and lumps of coal in the water.
 What happened to the top hats and the corncob pipes?| You see those, too.
 Good story.| What are you drinking there? A little eggnog?
 Yes. What, is there a problem?| No, it’s nice to see you enjoying a holiday beverage. Pretty Christmassy.
 Since when is eggnog a Christmas drink? Eggs are available all year ’round. I’ve been known to enjoy this poolside.| Come on, Sheldon. You know all the Christmas stories, and the carols, you’ve got an eggnog moustache going on there. Just admit it. You’re getting a little Yuletide spirit.
 Oh, don’t be silly. Christmas is a bunch of baloney created by the tinsel industry. Why is this so important to you?| Honestly, because I had enough crappy Christmases as a kid and I’m tired of you sucking the joy out of them now.
 What was so bad about them?| I grew up in a house full of crazy academics. Instead of leaving Santa milk and cookies, we had to leave him a research paper. And in the morning, you could tell he’d been there because the paper would be graded.
 No wonder you love Christmas. That sounds amazing.| It wasn’t amazing. I got a C-minus four years in a row.
 Play through the pain.| You did it. The drawbridge is down. You cross the chasm and find yourself in a small dungeon room. And in the corner, chained to the wall, you see a bloodied and beaten Santa Claus. He says, ho, ho, help me.
 You can’t talk, you’re paralyzed. I get right up in Santa’s big, fat face and say, well, well, well, jolly old Saint Nick, we meet again. Yeah, I believe the last time we spoke was in the Baybrook Mall in Galveston, Texas, when I was five years old, isn’t that right?| Uh, okay.
 My mother dragged me there and she plopped me down on your lap and you asked me what I wanted for Christmas. And I told you, my Pop-Pop, because that was the year my grandfather died. I missed him and I wanted him back.| This is weird, right?
 Pop-Pop was the only one in my family who encouraged me to pursue science. But you didn’t bring him back, did you? No, instead, I got Lincoln Logs. Well, you can build a lot of neat things out of Lincoln Logs, but Pop-Pop ain’t one of ’em. And now you’re here asking me for something, to save you. Well, sorry, Mr. Kringle, but today’s not your day. I’m leaving you here to rot, and I hope the ogres feast on your bones. I take the skeleton key, and I toss it into the chasm, and on the way out, I give Santa a swift kick in his bowl full of jelly!| Okay. So Wolowitz and Stuart are paralyzed, Santa’s dead, and I picked this over having sex with my girlfriend.
 Well, I must say, Leonard, when I first heard your idea for Giant Jenga, I was sceptical.| I can’t blame you. Tiny Twister was a complete bust.
 Hey, Leonard.| Hey. Just playing a little Giant Jenga here.
 Oh, I know, I’m the one who had to buy him the helmet. So, do you have any plans this weekend?| Well, most of Saturday’s gonna be figuring out where to put this game when we’re done. How about you?
 Oh, I’m gonna go see Kip Thorne give a lecture on subatomic space-time.| Ooh. That’s his take on John Wheeler’s quantum foam. That should be great.
 Well, if you want, you can come with me.| Ah, I’d love to, but I’m supposed to hang out with Penny.
 Well, bring her.| Well, she’s not really into that kind of stuff.
 I did the research. Tony the Tiger, Dig’em the Frog, Cap’n Crunch, Toucan Sam, Count Chocula, Trix the Rabbit, Snap, Crackle and Pop. Not one cereal mascot is a girl. It’s a total breakfast sausage fest.| Are we done with this?
 Almost. Franken Berry, Boo Berry, Sugar Bear and the Honey Nut Cheerio bee, I believe his name is Buzz.| Terrific. Something weird happened and I don’t know what to do about it.
 What’s going on?| Sheldon’s assistant asked me on a date last night.
 How could you do that to me? You know I’ve been working it with Alex for weeks.| Working it? You can’t even talk to her.
 You look like my little cousin when he’s dropping one in his diaper.| She knows I have a girlfriend. It’s so weird.
 Oh, my God. You’re loving this.| To my bones. I mean, I’m not gonna do anything about it. I love Penny. It’s just nice to have a young, attractive woman sniffing around the goods.
 Leonard stole my woman, and he knew full well I was only six to eight months away from making my move.| I didn’t steal anyone.
 Well, that’s not acceptable. I mean, I’m her boss. She needs to be solely focused on my needs, not distracted by your pasty, androgynous brand of sexuality.| I’m androgynous?
 Oh, please. Look at you with your pouty bee-stung lips.| What do you guys think I should do?
 Oh, you seem extra happy.| Uh, I guess I am.
 Any particular reason why?| I don’t know, just having a good day. This morning Sheldon fell asleep on the way to work, so I got to listen to the radio. That was pretty crazy.
 Mm-hmm. Anything else?| Mm. I found this quiz online called Which Star Trek Character Are You? and it only took me four tries to get Captain Kirk.
 That’s great.| Oh. It. Was.
 Hmm. Well, I’m glad you’re having such a great day.| Yeah. And the one thing that could make it even better is an evening with my special girl.
 Oh, and who’s that?| What do you mean?
 Oh, I just didn’t know if you meant me or Alex.| Um, why would I mean Alex?
 Because I know she hit on you and I know you liked it.| What?
 Don’t play dumb with me, Ricardo Shilly-Shally!| I’m missing something. (Enters apartment. To Sheldon) Did you say something to Penny about Alex?
 Oh, yes. Yeah, and a fat lot of good it did me. All she did was get mad at you.| Why would you do that?
 I needed advice about a woman. I would have asked you, but if the last few years have proven anything, it’s that you can’t tell a uterus from a unicycle.| At least I know not to blab to a girl about somebody flirting with her boyfriend.
 Good to know. Yeah, a few more helpful hints like that, you may find yourself on the Council of Ladies. (Answering phone) Hello. I see. Uh, what time? Very well, then. Huh. That was the Human Resources Department at the university. Apparently, my assistant Alex has filed a complaint accusing me of inappropriate behaviour in the workplace.| Oh, my God, what did you do?
 Oh, damn it, you are.| Please forgive me. I should have told you about Alex.
 I don’t care about Alex. Fine, I care. Okay, I hate that bitch. But what really hurt is that you liked it so much. I mean, do I need to be worried?| Of course not. No. Why?
 Because, she is pretty and smart, and when you talk about work, she doesn’t have to go home and look up words in the dictionary to understand what you said.| You do that?
 No.| Hang on. Are you feeling insecure? Because that’s my thing, and if you take it away, I don’t know what I’m bringing to this relationship.
 Yes, Leonard, I am insecure. Happy?| No, I’m not happy.
 Why are you smiling?| I’m sorry. I just never think of you having feelings like that.
 Well, I do.| Why? Nothing is ever going to happen between me and Alex.
 Good.| Come here. Tell you a secret?
 What’s that?| With all these women chasing me, I kind of do feel like Captain Kirk.
 Can I tell you a secret?| Sure.
 Keep talking about Captain Kirk, and we’re all gonna stop.| Message received. Ah, excuse me. (Answering phone) Hello. This is Dr. Hofstadter. Okay. All right, thank you. That’s weird. I’m getting called in to Human Resources.
 What did you do?| I don’t know.
 Wait, you got called in, too? What is going on?| Sheldon threw us all under the bus.
 Well, this is all your fault.| How is this my fault?
 If you weren’t screwing around with Sheldon’s assistant, none of this would be happening.| I wasn’t screwing around with anyone.
 Fine. You must be Dr. Hofstadter.| Yes, but I think this is all a big misunderstanding.
 Well, hello.| What are you doing here?
 So, hey, I was thinking about that stuff with Alex.| Oh, would you stop worrying about that?
 I can’t help it. But, look, I figured I could sit around and feel insecure, or I could do something about it. So I got a course catalogue at school and looked at some of the science classes.| That’s great.
 No, it isn’t, they are extremely boring. I mean, how do you not kill yourself, like, every day? Anyway, I decided I don’t need to be a scientist, I could just look like one. So I bought these.| Glasses? I really don’t think that’s gonna change… oh, my God, you look so smart and hot.
 I know, right? Watch this. Molecules.| Okay, come with me.
 Where are we going?| To my bedroom, so I can take everything off but those glasses. And maybe the boots.
 Hi. Here are the make-up sponges you asked for.| Oh, thanks, I thought I had more.
 Damn, you’ve got more makeup than I do. You’ve got better makeup than I do. Yeah, I’m borrowing this.| Hey, hey, hey, hey. This is my Comic-Con makeup. I love you, but there are some things a man doesn’t share with his girlfriend.
 I feel like you guys just went to Comic-Con.| That was San Diego Comic-Con. This is Bakersfield Comic-Con.
 Is that better?| Well, it’s a lot smaller. It’s more about the comic books. The way these conventions used to be before they went all Hollywood.
 All right. Well, you guys have fun. I guess I’ll see you Sunday night.| Yeah.
 What was that for?| To show people when they don’t believe me.
 I think you should turn on the GPS.| It is on.
 Has it really only been ten miles?| I’m turning it on, but just to shut you up.
 Ooh, sounds like that fellow knows what he’s talking about. I’d put on my listening ears if I were you.| What did you do?
 That is so cool.| Counterpoint, no, it’s not.
 Continue on Interstate 210 for five miles. Here’s an interesting fact about interstates.| Really?
 Great idea. I haven’t had a carbohydrate in two weeks. These cheekbones need to be in front of a camera before I eat a pretzel and they’re gone.| Yeah, that sounds fun.
 Oh, smashing. Now, Leonard, do you know how to get there?| No.
 I say we begin with a classic Star Trek fight scene.| I’ll set the timer.
 Oh, my God. Leonard, someone’s stealing your car!| What? Hey, hey! Come back here!
 Stealing is against the law!| I don’t believe this.
 Oh, so is mine.| Mine, too. Anybody got any ideas?
 What kind of person leaves his keys in the car?| I thought we agreed this was all Koothrappali’s fault.
 Maybe we’re better off. What if we were to get in a car with a crazy person?| Look at us, Sheldon. We’re the crazy people.
 Good idea. Why don’t you get started on that?| Come on, let’s just start walking. There’s got to be a gas station or something nearby.
 What, you think just because you’re wearing a captain’s uniform, you’re in charge?| Yes.
 Wool pants in the desert. I feel like I’ve got poached testicles.| Oh, you poor thing, you’re sweating. That’s so much worse than having your car stolen.
 Gentlemen, a little less bellyaching. We’re Starfleet officers and a member of the Borg Collective.| Please, Sheldon, I am so not in the mood.
 Hello. Hello. Uh, uh, uh, four glasses of water, please. Anything for you guys?| Can I use your phone? Our car got stolen.
 Was there anything valuable in the car?| Our clothes, our wallets, phones.
 Makeup? Sure.| Uh, we’re going to the Comic-Con in Bakersfield. They have a big costume contest. It’s cooler than it sounds.
 It, it is. It’s not just comic books. They’ve got action figures, toys, a Tron-themed dance party.| Okay, he gets how cool it is.
 I think I have all I need here. You guys need me to call someone? I’m guessing your moms?| Thanks, but we’ve got it covered.
 Great. We can still make it to Comic-Con.| Are you kidding me? After all we’ve been through, I just want to go home.
 Are they actually arguing about comic books?| No, that can’t be right.
 Captain, what are your orders?| I say we investigate.
 Wait. They might be hostile.| Fine, but set them to stun. If we vaporize Penny, I’ll never find a girlfriend that pretty again.
 Leonard, you can get a little asthma inhaler.| Oh, this is neat. Think about all the action figures we’ve bought over the years. It would be kind of cool to have ones that look like us. Don’t you think?
 Yeah, if that’s your idea of what’s cool, you should get one.| Yeah, so, I’m out.
 Don’t waste my time.| You get that these are personalised action figures.
 You’re still out, right?| Yep.
 They’re here. Our action figures have arrived. This is the best five hundred dollars I’ve ever spent.| A thousand dollars on action figures? How can you afford that?
 Oh, man. Look at my nose.| Maybe it’s a shipping problem.
 What?| Yeah. Maybe Wesley Snipes and Toucan Sam just got action figures that look like you guys.
 I can’t believe I wasted all that money.| Aw, and my girlfriend wouldn’t let me get one. Look at my face. Do I look smug? I feel smug.
 I hate it when you make me sit through all the credits.| Well, sometimes there’s a secret ending, like in The Avengers.
 Yeah, but I don’t think that’s going to happen in a documentary about the Holocaust.| They could show bloopers. Oh, no.
 What is that?| That is Sheldon’s “I’m unhappy and about to destroy the planet” music. Come on, let’s just go to your place.
 Well, wait, if he’s unhappy,shouldn’t we talk to him?| Shouldn’t we talk to him? Have you learned nothing in six years?
 There is ominous music playing, and there is an afghan over my head. I don’t know where you’re from, but where I’m from, that means I’m not doing okay.| Want me to make you some tea?
 Tea is for when I’m upset. I’m not upset. The university’s forcing me to work with Kripke. I’m outraged.| So, cocoa?
 Yes, cocoa. Do you have any idea what it’s like to be paired with someone who’s so incredibly annoying?| Oh, teacher! Me! Me!
 What beverage do you make for that?| Oh, no, no, no, I know this. Uh, hot apple cider with cinnamon sticks?
 I can’t go in today. I’m sick.| You’re not sick. You just don’t want to face Kripke.
 No, look.| 128.
 See?| What did you do, put this in your tea?
 Oh, dear. Now I’m not even smarter than you.| Sheldon, Kripke’s not smarter than you. You just got stuck on a wrong path. Happened to Einstein. He got stuck on the unified field theory for decades.
 Oh, don’t play the Einstein card. His great breakthroughs happened when no one knew anything. So everything was a great breakthrough.| Sheldon Lee Cooper, I do not have time for this nonsense. Now, go put your clothes on, get in the car, and lets go to work.
 All right, geez. What a grouch.| How did I do that? I got to remember how I did that.
 Because the truth made me look bad, whereas a ridiculous bald-faced lie makes me look good. Anyway, if Kripke asks, tell him my coitus with Amy is frequent, intense and whimsically inventive.| Is my coitus whimsically inventive?
 That is what I write on the bathroom walls. For a whimsically inventive time, call Leonard Hofstadter.| I know you’re joking, but I’d be okay with that.
 That’s awfully personal.| We don’t ask Sheldon things like that.
 All right, come on, be serious. Look, you guys have been going out a long time. She would clearly like to have a physical relationship with you, so what are you doing?| All right, we’re down the rabbit hole. What are you doing?
 Penny, all my life, I have been uncomfortable with the sort of physical contact that comes easily to others, hand-shaking, hugging, prostate exams. But I’m working on it, you know? Just recently, I had to put VapoRub on Amy’s chest. A year ago, that would have been unthinkable.| Now you know how I feel when I have to put it on you.
 That’s a good one. Dumbledore dies in that one. Yeah, I know, I didn’t see it coming, either.| Why would you say that?
 You brought up the subject. I contributed an interesting fact on that subject. It’s called the art of conversation. Okay, your turn.| That was a huge spoiler.
 Good.| What is wrong with you? If I did that, you’d bitch about it for weeks.
 Oh, really, Leonard? Are you going to have another one of your hissy fits?| Hissy fits? I have hissy fits?
 Yes, and I have a theory why. Because of your lactose intolerance, you switched over to soy milk. Soy contains estrogen-mimicking compounds. I think your morning Cocoa Puffs are turning you into a hysterical woman.| You are unbelievable. I don’t know why I put up with you. You’re controlling, you’re irritating.
 There you go again, nag, nag, nag. You’re only proving my point, little lady.| You know what? Screw you, Sheldon. You are the most annoying person I have ever met.
 What? I’m annoying? You criticize my behaviour all the time. Sheldon, don’t talk about your bowel movements over breakfast. Sheldon, when the president of the university is giving a eulogy at a funeral, don’t yawn and point at your watch. Sheldon, don’t throw away my shirts ’cause you think they’re ugly. You’re impossible.| That’s it. I don’t, I don’t have to put up with this.
 Actually, I have your signature on a roommate agreement that says you do.| Aw. Here’s what I think of your roommate agreement.
 You pick that up right now.| No.
 Roommate agreement, section 27, paragraph 5, the roommate agreement, like the American flag, cannot touch the ground.| I don’t care. I don’t have to do anything you say because I don’t think I want to live here anymore.
 Where are you going?| To live with Penny and not you, you crazy bastard.
 Crazy bastard?| Yes.
 Leonard, wait.| What?
 Yeah, but you two make such a cute couple. Like Burt and Ernie. You guys even teach me stuff about words and numbers.| Well, I’ve had it. I am done. I can’t, I can’t live with him for one more minute.
 Wow. Where are you going to go?| I was thinking here with you.
 Oh.| That a problem?
 No, not at all. No, it’s, it’s great. It’s terrific. I, you know, I just can’t help feel bad about Sheldon. I mean, how’s he going to get by without you? Ernie.| He’s got Amy now.
 Yeah, he does, but it’s not the same.| Why?
 Um, well, um, all right. You, you know how in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, Ron didn’t abandon Harry just because Harry started dating Ron’s sister?| Harry and Ginny get together?
 Sorry. Spoiler alert. My point is, as much as I want to live with you, I can’t do it knowing how much Sheldon needs you.| Please, the only thing he needs me for is to be his whipping boy, his, his stooge, his doormat.
 Well, you know what they say, if it ain’t broke.| Wow. It sounds to me like you don’t want us to live together.
 No. No, no, I do. I do. It’s just, I mean, it’s a really big step.| Is it? We’re together all the time. Financially, it makes great sense. Can you think of one reason why we shouldn’t do this?
 Well, um, I’m just a little thirsty.| Yeah.
 I got nothing.| Great. I’ll go get my stuff.
 Yeah. Okay, all right, don’t freak out. You can make this work.| Oh, could you clear off a shelf for me in the bathroom? I take a lot of medicine.
 Hey, good buddy. So, uh, I was just talking to Amy, and she made me realize that this little dust-up between you and me is much ado about nothing.| Is that so?
 Yes. All is forgiven, so come back home. I’ll make you some soy hot chocolate, and then I’ll you tell you about our exciting new devil-may-care bathroom policy.| Cut to the chase, Sheldon.
 Hey. What’s going on?| Oh, get this, suddenly, Sheldon wants me back because Amy wants to move in with him.
 Really? Interesting.| Well, too late, pal. I’m not going anywhere. Penny and I are very happy living together. Isn’t that right?
 Yes. That is a real thing. And it doesn’t mean you don’t care about each other, it just means things are moving at a pace you’re not comfortable with, and that’s fine.| Well, if he doesn’t want to live with her, then he should tell her how he feels.
 Yes.| I’m sorry, Sheldon. I can’t help you. Oh, spoiler alert, this door’s about to slam in your face.
 I said the truth. You don’t want to live with Leonard, and you know it.| Since when don’t you want to live with me?
 Do you want to catch up on some Walking Dead?| ‘Kay.
 Have you seen the one where Lori dies?| No.
 You’ll never believe what happened to me at work today.| Hmm?
 This old guy was choking on his food, and I saved his life.| You’re kidding. Did you Heimlich him?
 No. I said, oh, my God, I think that old guy’s choking, and then one of the busboys Heimlich’ed him.| You’re a hero.
 Yeah, that was the point of the story.| Oh, yeah, speaking of work, do you know if you have Thursday night off?
 Um, I think so. Why?| What do you mean, why? It’s Valentine’s Day.
 Oh, right. Yeah, we can do something.| You could be a little more into it.
 No, I’m into it, I’m into it. Just, there’s so much pressure to make the night special, and it never works out.| Okay, well, this time it’s going to be different. Because I am like a romance ninja. You don’t see it coming, and then bam, romance, watch out, hearts, kisses, love, ooh-ya!
 Yeah, one second. Come here. I want to show you something.| What you looking at?
 Well, I was trying to come up with something really romantic to give Bernadette for Valentine’s Day since she’s been such a pain in the ass.| You can’t find a card that says that?
 Check it out. I used the atomic force microscope in the material science lab and wrote our initials in a heart one one-thousandth the size of a grain of sand.| Oh, that’s cool.
 A micro-valentine for a microbiologist.| From her micro-husband. That is amazing. How long did this take you?
 Mmm, about twelve hours. I pulled an all-nighter.| Oh, wow.
 Yeah, I know, it really took a bite out of my video game time. What are you and Penny doing?| Oh, I’m going to take her to a nice restaurant for dinner.
 This place is really beautiful.| Waugh, romance ninja.
 No problem. We just sat down.| Mmm, would you like some wine?
 Maybe if you did what you said you were going to do, I’d tell you.| Uh, where what is?
 And I told you to bite me.| Trying to have a magical night here, guys.
 Oh, son of a bitch.| What?
 Nothing. Nothing.| No, tell me.
 It’s just this guy I used to date.| Oh.
 Until he cheated on me with my friend Gretchen, who’s here with him now.| You’re kidding.
 And it looks like she lost a lot of weight, damn it.| I know it’s not ideal, but don’t let them ruin our night.
 No, you’re totally right. She could be skinny ’cause she’s dying.| That’s the spirit.
 You know what, screw them. Our night is going to be way more special than theirs.| Yeah.
 Oh, my God, yes. Of course I’ll marry you.| Two can play this game. Penny…
 Get up.| All right.
 Oh, I can’t believe he’s going to marry the girl he cheated on me with.| Isn’t it kind of nice? I mean, he was with the wrong person, and now he found the right person.
 Yeah, maybe tonight. But a year from now, he’ll be crawling under the sink looking for his Xbox. Well, he will.| You know what? Why don’t we just forget about them and enjoy our Valentine’s Day?
 Yes, absolutely. Now they’re doing that phony link-arm-drink thingy. I totally taught him that.| I thought we were letting it go.
 We were; it’s just, it’s not fair, okay? They’re bad people. It’s not supposed to end happy for them, it’s supposed to end happy for me.| Um, it did end happy for you. You’re here with me.
 Yeah, yeah, I know.| Okay, this is getting a little hard to not take personally.
 Oh, come on, don’t make this about you.| Oh, I’m not. It’s about you.
 Yeah, well, whatever, okay? I told you, Valentine’s Day sucks.| This one does, and you’re the reason why.
 Night.| Yep. You know what? That was pretty crappy of you. I mean, all I wanted to do was give you a great night, and it’s like you-you went out of your way to destroy it.
 Yeah, I know. I’m a total bitch.| I’m not saying that.
 Well, I am.| Fine, you win. You’re a bitch. Why couldn’t we just have a nice time?
 I don’t know. Maybe ’cause things are going so well between us lately and I’ve been really happy.| Okay, you’re gonna have to make a lot more sense than that.
 Obviously, I have some commitment issues.| Glaringly obvious. Go on.
 As long as things keep going great between us, you’ll keep asking me to marry you, and eventually I’m gonna end up saying yes, and then we’re gonna be married forever, and the whole thing just freaks me out.| Okay. I know I propose a lot. So how about this? I promise I will never ask you to marry me again.
 What, what do you mean? Are you breaking up with me?| No. No, no, no, no. But if someday you decide you want to get married, you have to propose to me.
 Really?| Yes. It’s all on you. But I got to tell you, when the time comes, I want the whole nine yards. I want you down on one knee, flowers, I want to be swept off my feet.
 Yeah, you got it.| And I’m cool with surprises. But nothing on a Jumbotron. I don’t want to cry on a big screen like that.
 Okay. You know what? This might be the wine talking, but I have a very important question to ask you.| You do?
 Leonard Hofstadter?| Yes?
 Will you be my valentine?| Sorry. Maybe next year. I’m just kidding. Romance ninja. Let’s have sex. Waugh!
 What?| Nope, just, just, whoa.
 It smells pretty ripe in here. You kind feel it in your eyes.| Raj, what’s going on?
 I’m sorry. That’s awful, but come on, you got to shake it off.| Yeah, you can’t stay in your apartment for the rest of your life.
 Why not? With online shopping and overnight delivery, I can get anything I want. Look, I just ordered a case of Dinty Moore beef stew and two live lobsters on Amazon.| Lobsters overnight?
 Oh, you’re kidding. Let me see. Well, I’ll be. Look, you can throw in a couple steaks and have a surf and turf.| The surf and turf sounds good. See if they have corn on the cob.
 Now what?| I don’t know.
 Sadly, I’m no longer associated with that project.| Why? What happened?
 Typical bureaucratic nonsense. You can get animals addicted to a harmful substance, you can dissect their brains, but you throw their own faeces back at them and suddenly you’re unprofessional.| I’m sorry. That I asked.
 All right, let’s get this stupid play over with.| Uh, hang on. Empty your pockets.
 Why?| You know why. The Nintendo DS. And the PSP. Now the Gameboy.
 To be lonely?| She’s pretty good, huh?
 She’s remarkable.| She really is.
 I got the B word.| Yeah, well, it’s in our contract to serve on a university committee. And frankly, this is one I believe in. Okay, here we go. Encouraging more women to pursue a career in the sciences.
 If you ask me, this whole thing is a waste of our time.| Helping women? Y
 Helping anyone. People should take care of themselves.| Oh, like yesterday, when you made me drive you to the dry cleaners, the pharmacy and the post office?
 I’m not saying people can’t use tools. Even an otter picks up a rock when he wants a clam.| You don’t think it’s worthwhile to try to get more women working in science.
 I think that’s incredibly sexist of you. I believe in a gender-blind society like in Star Trek, where women and men of all races and creeds work side by side as equals.| You mean where they were advanced enough to invent an interstellar warp drive, but a black lady still answered the space phone?
 Howard’s disturbing recollections aside, I don’t appreciate being forced to do banal committee work.| Yes, I know, you’re too smart for this.
 Exactly. It’s like asking the Human Torch to heat up your frozen burrito.| Got it. All right, I’m thinking one way to counter bias in the peer-review process, is for papers to be submitted under gender-neutral names. Like S. Smith instead of Samantha Smith.
 Van Nuys pole-dancer D.D. Melons. All right, I think we’ve really helped women today. Let’s fire up the old Xbox.| Guys, please don’t make this a school project where I’m the smart kid doing all the work while the slackers sit back and watch.
 Mother, warrior-princess, franchise owner, I hear glass ceilings shattering all over town.| Sheldon, you’re always saying how much smarter you are than me. Spend five seconds and come up with one idea on how to get more women into science.
 All your ideas address the issue at a university level. By then it’s too late. You need to design an outreach program that targets girls at the middle school level and sets them on an academic track towards the hard sciences.| That’s actually good. Why didn’t I think of that?
 Some people are otters, some people are rocks.| I wonder if there’s a way we could give the idea a trial run.
 Maybe I could call my old middle school, see if we can talk to some of the female students.| That’s great, try to set up something for the three of us to go over there.
 Yeah, last time I was here, I was just a scrawny little nerd.| And now you’re also an astronaut.
 No, I’m an American hero. Your uncle brings people nuts, okay?| Alright, alright. Boy, we are learning a lot here, huh? Thank you, astronaut Howard. Um, I am what’s called an experimental physicist, which is super-fun, because I get to test theories and work with lasers. Yes?
 How did you decide to become a scientist?| Uh, excellent question. Um, I suppose I’ve always been into science, you know. My mother and father are scientists, so I was kind of led in that direction. Uh, pushed might be a better way to describe it. To be honest with you guys, when I was your age, I wanted to be a rap star. Like Snoop Dogg, but with a healthy respect for the police. Yeah, no, sure, you laugh. Just like my mother did. After I confided, I was derided and chided, my moms and I collided. She said my dreams were misguided. That’s just a little freestyle.
 You stopped and got him takeout?| I had no choice. He kept kicking the back of my seat.
 Oh, five more minutes.| That’s what you said five minutes ago. Amy and Penny are already in the car. Let’s move it.
 Please, Leonard, he said it’s okay.| Sheldon, it’s, wait, I can go home without you? Bye.
 What is your point?| Well, it’s just kind of weird how grown up he is now. Happily married guy throwing dinner parties.
 Really? You couldn’t just say that? You had to tell the scrotum story?| Trying to paint a picture.
 It was a nice change of pace not eating takeout around a coffee table.| Mm, you know, we could throw a dinner party, too. Maybe even ask everyone to get dressed up.
 Sure. Just, when you say dressed up, you mean nice clothes, right? Not, like, capes and tights and crap?| Yeah. Although…
 Dude, you made the right choice coming to me for help with this party.| Actually, all I did was invite you.
 Well, put your mind at ease. I’m here to make sure your dinner party kicks Howard’s dinner party’s ass. Now, the first thing we need is a theme. I’m thinking, ah, turn-of-the-century Moulin Rouge.| I’m thinking you need a testosterone patch. Penny and I just want to do something low-key. You know, cocktails, light jazz music, hors d’oeuvres.
 So your theme is I saw a rerun of Mad Men and bought some crab puffs from Trader Joe’s? Hate to miss that.| Hey, where have you been?
 Oh, Leonard. If I was prone to sarcasm, I’d say I was pulling off a major heist at the museum of laundry baskets.| One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. I meant, golly, Sheldon, you’ve been gone a long time.
 Oh. Yeah, well, I was waylaid by Penny, Bernadette and Amy. They made me reveal confidential information about Howard’s father.| What information?
 Sorry, badgering me won’t work. What you should have said is, It’s pointless to keep this a secret because Penny will tell us.| Fine, then that.
 Yeah, and the hors d’oeuvres are delightful.| As is the company.
 My shirt is itchy and I wish I were dead.| Hey, uh, listen, everybody. Before Howard gets here, et’s all just agree to not bring up the letter from his father.
 Me, too.| Same here.
 Shame on all of you.| You know, too.
 Oh, honey, I am in no mood to have sex tonight. I’ll lay there if you absolutely have to have it, but… Oh. What are you guys doing here?| When you left, you weren’t sure whether or not you wanted to know what was in your dad’s letter, so we came up with kind of a cool solution.
 Sit down, honey.| Raj, you’re up.
 Okay, um, It was a card for your 18th birthday. Inside it said, Happy birthday, Howard. I love you. Dad. Oh, and it was a Far Side card, the one where the frog has its tongue stuck to the underside of an airplane. Thinks it’s a fly. Silly frog. So funny.| Sheldon.
 Don’t.| Amy.
 Or that’s complete poppycock which Amy made up. It still could be the map.| Penny.
 Don’t.| Okay, my turn. Your dad wrote about how family is the most important thing, and that you should never throw it away like he did.
 Hmm.| Bernadette.
 Yeah. I’m terrific.| So, which one do you think it is, matey?
 Actually, I don’t want to know. I want all of them to be true.| Well, one of them is.
 Yeah,| Yeah, cool.
 This turned out pretty well, huh?| Yeah, I think so.
 We thought my 90-year-old grandfather had reverted to an asexual state, but the lawsuit from his Jamaican caregiver proved us all wrong.| My point is, immortality is not only a possibility, it is real.
 That’s terrible.| Oh, my God.
 You Ph.D’s gonna go suck up like Kripke?| No. I mean, I’ll apply, but I’m not gonna stoop to playing politics.
 Raj, don’t dangle false hope in front of Leonard like that.| Excuse me, but I think I’m just as qualified as you are.
 So tenured means a job for life?| Yup.
 You can’t get fired even if you’re bad at it?| Mm, not really.
 She’d be proud, huh?| Oh, very. Assuming she takes my call.
 So, who do you have to schmooze to get this deal?| I’m not gonna schmooze anybody. I’m gonna let my work speak for itself.
 That’s great. That shows a lot of integrity.| Thank you. I’m a naive idiot, right?
 Hey.| Hey.
 Dr. Hofstadter.| Yeah. Just thought I’d come down and start getting ready for swimsuit season.
 Good for you.| Not that you need it. I bet you look great in a swimsuit.
 Thank you.| I’ve got what my father used to call furniture disease. My chest is falling into my drawers. I’m not, uh, familiar with this model. How do I make it start?
 You push start.| Right. This one might be broken.
 You have to move.| Got it. Oh. There. Oh, yeah. Yeah, now I’m feeling it. Oh, this is great. I could do this for the rest of my life. Hey, speaking, speaking of things you do for the rest of your life, uh, did I read that you’re on that-that tenure committee?
 Yep. I got to get a home gym.| Well, I’m sure you have a lot of good applicants, I just wanted to say hi and let you know that I’ll be throwing my hat in the ring.
 All right, I’ll keep an eye out for that.| Yeah.
 Hey, Hofstadter. Funny seeing you here for the first time in… ever.| Go away.
 Hey, Barry.| Well, look at that. Burned a whole calorie.
 No, my pweasure.| Oh, if you, if you like banana bread, I’ve got a-a great recipe. The trick is in, in fresh ground, I’ll e-mail it to you.
 Let’s go.| That’s enough cardio for me. I’m just gonna stretch out before I hit the weights.
 You okay?| Call someone.
 Where have you been?| Nurse’s office.
 Asthma attack?| Asthma, heart, some kind of attack. I’m fine, though.
 I don’t know.| Probably not.
 Oh, not really. I was out shopping with Amy. She wanted me to help her find something for this memorial thing.| Wait, Sheldon’s going to be there? We all promised we weren’t going to go.
 Oh, what a jerk.| I know. I was hoping to go without anyone finding out.
 Well, since Amy’s going, do you want me there? You know, to support you?| Oh, that’s nice, but it-it’s just gonna be a room full of boring old men and I’m not sure how much help you’d be.
 Okay. I’m just gonna tie my shoe while you think about that.| Oh, yeah. No. Thanks, that would be great help. You realize you might kill some of them.
 So am I. His passing makes me feel bad.| Well, well, well, Sheldon, fancy meeting you here. I guess the train store in Glendale wasn’t having a cotillion after all. And you, you said you weren’t coming here, either.
 What are you going to do? Take people’s drink orders and get them wrong?| Do it.
 You’re all wasting your time. Sheldon is the most qualified for the job, and no amount of gravity-defying bosom’s going to change that. Seriously, is that tape? Like, how are they staying up like that?| Way to hit ’em with both barrels.
 Well, yes, of course, he wouldn’t like that at all. Last night, I was feeling in need of sexual release when I happened to come across your mother.| Okay, okay. Guys, what are we doing here?
 I don’t know what you’re doing, but I was about to insinuate that I had coitus with Raj’s mother for a dollar.| Oh, you do what you want, but I don’t want to lose my friends over tenure. Friends are forever.
 Walk.| I’m just gonna go home and let my work speak for itself.
 You’re right. This is beneath me. Lie your mother was last night.| How about it, Sheldon?
 Nonsense. Childwen wove me. Something about me just makes them waugh and waugh.| No. We cannot lose to that jerk.
 Absolutely not. Help me out here, I can’t afford another demerit.| Yeah. Uh, maybe we were hacked. You know, the Chinese have been hacking everything lately.
 Well, hang on. Maybe the Chinese haven’t finished watching it yet.| You know, if you’re trying to make space on the DVR, why don’t you just get rid of some of the stuff you’ve already watched? Like, um, Alphas.
 No, that’s the season two finale. That was quite the cliffhanger. I’m going to re-watch it before season three starts.| There is no season three. They cancelled that show.
 Well, they can’t cancel it. It ended on a cliffhanger.| They did.
 Oh, sure, what a wonderful idea. And after that, I’ll make up my own rules of oral hygiene. You know, instead of flossing, I’ll rub pudding on my gums. I’m going to get the number of the SyFy Channel and give them what for.| Oh, please, don’t do that.
 I feel bad for whoever gets that phone call.| Ah, don’t. If they didn’t want to be yelled at by crazy nerds, they shouldn’t have started a sci-fi channel.
 It’s six thirty in the morning.| I thought you grew up on a farm.
 It was cute.| Oh, don’t say cute. That’s the worst.
 What’s wrong with cute?| It just makes things seem small. It diminishes them.
 So you want me to stop calling your little tushy cute?| You can try, but nobody’s gonna believe you. I just, I don’t understand how you can watch a show that great and not be excited by it.
 I liked it. I’m excited.| Well, then, tell your face.
 What do you want from me?| You know what? Never mind. We gave it a shot. Let’s just see what else is on.
 Oh, come on, don’t be like that.| Well…
 I’m sorry I called it cute. Let’s watch another one.| Really?
 Yeah, it was fun. Kind of reminded me of my high school. But instead of vampires, we had meth heads. But both came out at night and had messed up teeth.| All right, cool. I think you’ll like the next one better. All the cheerleaders are suffering from an evil curse.
 So, I was thinking how excited you get about stuff like Buffy or science or which TV remote you and Sheldon should buy.| The Harmony One was fine. We didn’t need to upgrade to the eleven hundred, which he knows is too big for my hand.
 See, that’s the kind of passion I didn’t think I had. But then I realized I’m passionate about you.| Oh, my cute little tushy strikes again.
 No, I’m serious. Look, I’ve always had these plans. I was gonna be in movies and live this glamorous life, and anything less than that just wasn’t worth getting excited about.| Those things can still happen.
 Oh, obviously it’s gonna happen. Yeah, a psychic at a bachelorette party told me so. Anyway, what I meant was, I shouldn’t wait, you know? I’ve got you, I’ve got Sheldon, all these wonderful friends. My life is exciting right now.| That’s a big deal.
 It is, isn’t it?| So, does that mean we get to do stuff like talk about cool shows or get dressed up in matching costumes and go to Comic-Con?
 Leonard, you’ll never guess who I just found online. Hey!| Nice shot.
 Very mature. You’re lucky I’m out of silly string. As I was saying, Leonard, you’ll never guess who I just found online. Professor Proton.| You’re kidding. He’s still alive?
 Who’s Professor Proton?| He was the host of this great… Hey!
 Professor Proton hosted my favourite science show when I was a child. I never missed an episode. He demonstrated scientific principles using everyday objects.| It was pretty cool.
 Oh, dear lord, Leonard, look. He’s still available for parties and events. We should hire him.| Hire him to do what?
 Well, whatever we want. Hang out, do experiments, make him take 12 pictures with us so we can make a calendar.| It would be pretty awesome to hang out with him. I just used awesome wrong, didn’t I?
 Well, I’m e-mailing him right now.| Do you remember his old theme song?
 It’s happening. Leonard, it’s happening. Professor Proton is coming to our house.| You’re kidding.
 As Professor Proton always says, there is no problem you can’t solve if you use your noggin.| And he wrote him a cheque.
 Is, uh, is he dangerous?| Actually, he’s a genius.
 That doesn’t answer my question.| Mr. Jeffries, I’m, I’m Leonard. This is my girlfriend, Penny.
 Is the, is the blonde girl really your, your girlfriend?| Yes, sir.
 It, it’s hard to say. I’m, I’m still trying to figure out what, what th, what this is.| We just wanted to hang out with you and maybe learn a little about your life.
 Well, there, there really isn’t too much to tell. After the TV show was, was cancelled, nobody in the scientific world would, uh, would take me seriously. So I was forced to do these, uh, children’s parties to, to make a living.| That’s too bad. But still, working with kids, it must be rewarding.
 No, she, she’s the only reason I’ve, I’ve stayed this long.| Then what is it?
 But, um, I did have you. And every day at four o’clock, you’d come to my house on Channel 68, and we’d do science together. If it hadn’t been for you, well, who knows what would’ve become of me? You know? Instead of a world-class physicist, I could’ve wound up as a hobo. Or a surgeon.| I bet there are important discoveries being made every day because you inspired millions of kids to pursue science. In a way, their discoveries are your discoveries.
 Well, thank, thank you, guys. That, that, that means a lot.| It’s important you know how much you mean to us.
 I’m having a problem with my pacemaker.| I’ll, I’ll call for help.
 Your vitals are stable, but let’s take you in for some tests just to be safe.| You want one of us to go with you in the ambulance?
 We’ll pack up your stuff and meet you at the hospital.| I’m sorry things turned out this way.
 Anything can happen.| It’s gonna get crazy.
 I’ve got a brand-new seven piece set of polyhedral dice. Hello, new dice smell.| I’ve got my helm of lordly might, my boots of speed, and if things get too exciting, my inhaler of asthma.
 Yeah, yeah, we’ll be right there. Leonard?| Yeah?
 I’m not sure how I feel about Howard being dungeon master instead of you.| Oh, that’s nice. But relax, sometimes change is good. Uh, you were worried about Zachary Quinto being the new Spock, but you wound up liking him.
 Ah, that’s my girl.| No, no, no, Amy, wait. I know it’s not the night you had in mind, but why don’t you guys stay and play with us? It’ll be fun.
 It would? Fun? Okay, three weeks ago you bought crunchy peanut butter, now you want the girls to play D&D? Do you have a drug problem?| What’s the big deal? Raj bailed, so we could use some extra players.
 Oh, don’t worry, sweetie. No one has.| So, what do you say?
 Oh, this isn’t alcohol. It’s a magic potion that makes me like you.| Double potion, please.
 What do you do?| I draw my broadsword.
 More potion, please.| Yeah.
 That is amazing. He made me care about the ogre.| All right, Amy, there’s one ogre left. Take him out.
 The dragon’s Christopher Walken. That’s perfect.| All right, Amy, it’s your turn. We need one more hit. Finish him off.
 Okay, I cast a love spell on Sheldon and Amy.| Ooh! Sorry, I thought you were gonna do that.
 So, anyway, last night on video chat, I spent, like, twenty minutes just staring into Lucy’s eyes.| Oh, that sounds romantic.
 It was until I realized the screen had frozen. Still one of my top three dates of all time.| So, are we ever gonna hang out with this girl?
 Yeah, I used to be uncomfortable around people, but then I learned a trick. I pretend everyone I meet is a beloved character from Star Trek.| How’s that been working for you?
 Leonard, I may have gotten you a job.| I have a job.
 No, in a couple of weeks, Stephen Hawking’s team is sending an expedition to the North Sea to test hydrodynamic simulations of black holes. One of their experimental physicists dropped out, and I recommended you.| Well, do you really think I have a shot?
 Yeah, I’ve worked with Hawking. I talked you up. He knows your research. I think this could happen.| He knows, wow.
 Would you like to hear a classic Sheldon Cooper factoid?| What do you think?
 Great. I’ve been doing some reading about vehicular safety. Did you know that the highest number of drowning accidents happen on or around boats?| Interesting that you would bring that up when I might go work on a boat.
 Well, that’s the thing about factoids, they’re interesting.| I know what you’re doing. You don’t want me going on this research trip because you’re afraid to be alone.
 I’m not afraid to be alone. On land. On the sea, it would be terrifying. Because of all the drowning.| Sheldon.
 Fine, no more drowning talk. I’ll change the subject. Oh. Who do you think would win in a fight, you or a shark?| Look, I appreciate your signature blend of concern for me and incredible selfishness. If I get the chance to do this, there is nothing you can say that’s going to stop me.
 So, then, during my afternoon shift, I spilled an entire tray of drinks on myself.| Oh, that’s awful.
 Not really. My shirt was soaking wet. I got, like, the biggest tip of my life.| So, listen, do you remember when I said the similarities of the equations of general relativity and hydrodynamics suggest you could find the equivalent of Unruh radiation in a large body of water?
 I thought I said that to you.| Anyway, Stephen Hawking’s team is looking into that, and I’ve been invited to join them.
 Wow, Hawking. Good for you.| Well, it is. Just, you know, I’d be gone for a while.
 Well, how long?| Three, four months.
 Whoa. When would you leave?| Couple of weeks.
 Wow. Oh, okay, well, I’ll just come visit you.| That’s the thing, you can’t. I’ll be on a ship in the North Sea.
 On a ship? Aren’t they afraid Hawking will just roll overboard?| Uh, he’s not gonna be there. He’s just sending a team to research his theory.
 Oh, sure. Like when you send me to kill spiders in your bathtub. Wow. Okay. Four months.| Yeah. And I’m a little worried because things between us have been so great, and I’d hate to do anything that screws that up.
 Oh, sweetie, if you’re gonna screw things up, it’s gonna be while you’re here, not while you’re away. No. I mean, look, you have to go. It sounds like an amazing opportunity. And I’m just basing that on how much I didn’t understand what you said about it.| Okay. I’ll confirm the travel arrangements in the morning.
 Okay. Good.| I do have to ask you one favour.
 Sure.| Sheldon’s nervous about me leaving. Just keep an eye on him while I’m gone.
 Oh, I don’t know. Remember what happened when I took care of your goldfish?| Well, flush Sheldon down the toilet and get me a new one.
 Actually, I was thinking Leonard.| Oh. Thank you, Raj. I’d be honoured.
 So, have you ever spent a long time on a boat before?| Yeah.
 Are you referring to the time we got stuck on the Small World ride at Disneyland?| Yeah.
 I’m proud of you, Leonard. Working out on the North Sea for months, that’s really something.| I know. As far as science goes, this is the adventure of a lifetime.
 Maybe your lifetime. I went to space.| It’s not a competition.
 Well, here we are.| Yep. I’m really gonna miss you.
 Okay, there’s no space in the white zone, so…| Anyway, we can e-mail, and I think the phone connections are pretty good.
 All right, you have to get out of the car right now. I’m not going to jail for you.| Would you just relax?
 Did you bring enough inhalers?| Yeah.
 And, uh, extra Dramamine? You remember what happened on It’s a Small World.| I’m covered.
 Oh, dear Lord, a police officer’s glancing in our direction. We’ve been made.| Calm down. I’m getting out. I have something I want to give you.
 I love you.| I love you, too.
 Back to the Future II was in the Back to the Future III case, and Back to the Future III was, get this, in the Back to the Future II case.| So?
 So, did you do that, or am I in the house with an intruder?| Sheldon, I got to go inside. It’s getting rough out here.
 You’re dodging the question, I knew it was you. What was that?| What was what?
 Leonard?| Penny? Hey, it’s Penny. Everybody say hi to Penny.
 Wow, it sounds like you’re having a good time.| Best time of my life. 
 Isn’t it five thirty in the morning there?| Is it? Hey, everybody, it’s five thirty in the morning!
 Iceberg!| Uh-oh, hang on.
 Are you in danger?| No, it’s a drinking game. Whenever we see an iceberg, we take a shot!
 Oh, my God. You weren’t supposed to be here till Sunday.| We finished the experiment early, so I thought I’d come home and surprise you.
 Oh, my gosh, why are we whispering?| I didn’t tell Sheldon, so we could have a few days alone.
 Oh, that is so romantic.| Uh, sure, that’s why I did it.
 Ah.| And, oh, that’s me getting rescued after I fell in.
 Thank you.| And I’m gonna hit the head. That’s what us salty sea dogs say when we have to go pee-pee.
 Oh, no, I should apologize. Uh, I never realized to what extent our friendship was a burden to you.| That is not fair. I complain about what a burden it is at least once a month.
 No, he doesn’t.| I actually have used those exact words before. In that order.
 Well, Leonard, I think it’s high time you and I address the tweepadock in the room.| The what?
 Fine. Leonard, there’s no need for you to pretend to like me anymore.| Come on, I said I was sorry.
 It was fine.| Come on, this is silly. Hey, um, I brought you back a little present from my trip, huh? It’s that sailor cap that you wanted. It’s neat, huh?
 You honestly think you can buy back my friendship with a cheap souvenir?| I don’t. I really don’t. Just try it on. Oh, yeah.
 Hello.| So am I driving you to work or are you still mad at me?
 I’d like a ride. Assuming you actually do take me to work.| Where do you think I would take you?
 Who knows? Uh, you said you’d be home yesterday, but you came home three days ago. You say you’re taking me to work, but for all I know, I’ll end up in a deserted amusement park. Or a cornfield maze. Or a back alley dog fight. You tell me.| I’m going to work. You can come if you want.
 Okay. By the way, you have something on your shirt.| No, I don’t.
 Hurts, doesn’t it? You know, I find myself wondering if anything you’ve ever told me is true.| I didn’t make it back. The ship sank, I’m in hell.
 You say you’re from New Jersey, but how can I believe you?| Why would anyone claim to be from New Jersey if they weren’t?
 All right, I’ll give you that one.| Hey, I said I was sorry. What else do you want from me?
 I want you to admit that what you did was wrong.| Fine. What I did was wrong.
 I wish I could believe you.| You know what? I’m not driving you to work, because you’re incredibly annoying.
 You say one thing and do the other, so then you are driving me and you find me a delight.| Stop it.
 Keep it up?| Bye.
 Howard, Raj. Judas.| You know what? You’re a crazy person.
 So, can we please put aside these petty differences and just be glad we’re here together?| Okay.
 And then Leonard took me to the barber and the dentist, and then to cap off the perfect day, the Los Angeles Bureau of Weights and Measures. | I thought the measures were going to be the stars of the show, turns out it was the weights.
 So, couldn’t help but notice none of you RSVP’d to my murder mystery dinner party.| Oh, yeah. We were meaning to do that.
 Don’t worry, I can take a hint. No more murder mystery parties.| Great. 
 Because I’ve got something even better planned.| Aw.
 Oh, I loved those. I did them every year there.| We did them at Princeton, too.
 I love scavenger hunts. My friends and I had them all the time.| Oh, these are a little different. There’s a tradition at elite universities…
 And Princeton.| A tradition of hunts full of puzzles that rely on logic and obscure knowledge, science.
 So, uh, who’s in?| I think it sounds fun.
 Oh, everything I could possibly need to win the scavenger hunt.| You really think he’s gonna send us to a bowling alley?
 Yes, to be fair, do people who went to Princeton get a head start?| It’s not funny.
 No, Oh, it actually is if you get the joke. It’s based on the premise that Princeton isn’t a very good school. | Ha-ha.
 Should we just do couples?| Couples sounds great. Or we could mix things up. Maybe pick names out of a hat. Whatever.
 Whoa, whoa, whoa. Why don’t you just admit you don’t want to be on a team with me.| I just said, couples sound great.
 Mm-hmm, yeah, you don’t think I’m smart enough. You think I’m gonna be a liability. Even though I totally just used the word liability correctly in a sentence. Yeah.| All right, let’s, let’s do couples. I want to.
 Faster, faster, faster! Do you not know that word? It means more fast!| Stop yelling at me.
 Because you’re in the right lane behind a bus and you won’t go around it? I’m sure she finds it charming.| No, because I didn’t want her on my team.
 I’m starting to think she dodged a bullet. The slowest bullet in the world.| Geez, I never realized you were so competitive.
 Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go! How am I faster than you? I’m in heels and I stopped to take a phone call.| I have asthma. Back off.
 Not with a bowling ball on their back.| Hey, Penny, I just wanted to say good luck, and I hope there’s no hard feelings.
 Hey, Romeo. Repair your relationship on your own time.| Relax, it’s a hard puzzle. It’s gonna take a while to solve.
 I knew it, we’re gonna lose.| Wait, I got it. I got it/
 Congratulations, you got it last. | You’re really mean, you know that?
 Don’t sweat it, my dad’s a cop. He can fix things.| Uh-huh. Like death?
 Who cares? Focus on the game.| This stupid game is why she’s mad in the first place. I’m telling her I’m quitting.
 No. Quitting would be the worst thing for your relationship.| Why?
 Because it would make you seem like something she already thinks you are. | What does she think I am?
 How do I put this? She’s been known to call you a name that usually applies to a lady part. Or a cat. Or a willow.| I can’t believe she would say that about me.
 Can you reach the clue?| Almost.
 Hurry, Sheldon and Penny were right behind us in the bowling alley.| Got it.
 Great, climb back up. Come on.| Yeah, Penny might be onto something.
 Okay, the clue must be in the bag.| The clue must be in the bag.
 It’s just a bunch of pants.| It’s just a bunch of pants.
 You know, I’m surprised you want to copy my answers since I’m not even smart enough to be on your team. | Well, why would you want to be on someone’s team who you like to call a, I can’t even say it in front of Sheldon.
 What are you talking about?| You know exactly what I’m talking about.
 No, she doesn’t. I just made that up.| Why would you do that?
 Wish I had a man like her on my team.| Hey, I am every bit as much of a man as Penny. Now, let’s do this.
 Hey, that’s my shirt.| This one is, too.
 Well, where the hell’s the coin?| Wasn’t the answer Sheldon’s spot?
 Don’t you see? When we’re all having fun together, we’re already winners. Oh, look. See? Even I’m a winner.| Are you kidding me?
 Hi. I thought you went to the comic book store on Wednesdays.| Yeah, but Sheldon and Amy were having date night and they don’t need me there to make it awkward. They have each other for that. So, how was school?
 Oh, good. Check it out, The Disappointing Child by Beverly Hofstadter.| You bought my mom’s book?
 Yeah. It’s on the recommended reading list for my psychology class.| Oh, come on. Not that book. It, it’s got, like, every horrible story from my childhood in it.
 Oh, cool. Are there pictures?| Seriously, please find another book.
 Oh, come on. Why? How bad could it be?| There, there’s chapters about potty training, and bed-wetting and masturbation. Basically, if something came out of me, she wrote about it. You know what? Do whatever you want, just don’t talk to me about it.
 Not even the chapter on the breast-feeding crisis?| It was not a crisis. Apparently, I favoured the left one, she got a little lopsided.
 Stuart and I are putting dating profiles online, and it’s one of the questions. And thank you, I’d kill for that woman’s bone structure.| Why are you reading Pride and Prejudice?
 Hey, wait a minute. No, the Nazis were digging in the wrong place. The only reason they got the ark was because Indy found it first.| Actually, they were only digging in the wrong place because Indy had the medallion. Without him, they would have had the medallion and dug in the right place.
 Okay, I know you don’t want to talk about it, but can I just ask you one question about your mom’s book?| No.
 I just want to know why a five-year-old boy puts on his mom’s make-up and wears balloon boobies.| They weren’t boobies, they were muscles. And the make-up was green. I was pretending to be The Hulk.
 You were wearing her bra.| That was to keep my muscles from sagging. Can we please stop talking about this?
 Okay, okay. But you know, as a student of psychology who got a check-plus on her first homework assignment, I think, sometimes, it’s good to open up about these things.| Okay, fine. Do you want to know why I dressed like The Hulk? Because I was always mad at my mom and I wanted to smash my way out of that house.
 Well, why were you so angry?| Gee, I don’t know. Maybe it’s because I was always the subject of her little experiments. Did you get to the chapter where she staged the Easter egg hunt with no eggs to see how long I’d keep looking? The answer, by the way, June.
 Sweetie, I’m so sorry. I wish there was something I could do to make you feel better.| I do, too, but there’s not.
 Really? Are you sure about that?| Of course, who am I to argue with a check-plus student? Just warning you, I’m gonna go right. Don’t make a big deal out of it.
 Oh, it turns out Amy’s beloved Pride and Prejudice is a flawless masterpiece. He’s got too much pride, she’s got too much prejudice, it just works.| So you’re looking to ruin something for her in the funny pages?
 Amy has a fondness for the comic strip Marmaduke.| Mm-hmm. And?
 And I think I’ve got it. Consider, a family possesses a dog that is so large and poorly disciplined, he causes nothing but problems. Why do they keep him?| Maybe they fell in love with him as a puppy and didn’t know how big he was gonna be.
 Of course. You know, why couldn’t she just like Ziggy? Yeah? That thing’s riddled with plot holes.| Sorry, buddy.
 Ooh, I think she’s a fan of Garfield as well. Oh, darn it, now so am I.| I’ll see you later. I gotta go watch a stupid football game with Penny.
 Wait, hang on. You’ve spent time with Amy. Can you think of anything she’s fond of that has a bunch of flaws she hasn’t noticed?| I gotta go.
 Yep. Hey, and maybe this time you don’t try and talk sports with the guys.| Some sports bar. It’s like they never even heard of Quidditch. Do we really have to go?
 Oh, come on. Every time we’re about to hang out with my friends, you don’t want to. It’s like, It’s too loud, or the bathroom’s too dirty, or they put a chicken wing in my ear. I mean…| Well, you’re, you’re right. Let’s just go.
 Hey, what’s going on with you?| Nothing, I’m fine.
 All right, hang on. is this still about your mom’s book?| No. Not everything is about my mom. 
 ‘Cause if you’re still upset about that, we don’t have to go.| Except this is totally about my mom.
 I’m so sorry. I never should have read that book. You know what? You want to just get dinner and watch the game here?| That sounds nice. Yeah.
 Okay.| Or, you know, we could get take-out and watch the Blu-ray extended version of The Hobbit movie with commentary track. On account of how sad I am about my mom.
 Leonard, you ready for lunch?| One sec. Hey. Sorry.
 Hi. All right, sweetie. You hang in there today.| I’ll try, but I might be sad again tonight.
 Wow. Sex at work?| Leave it alone. That’s my girlfriend.
 Sorry. | Who just had sex with me at work.
 Damn. How’d you swing that?| Well, whenever I talk about how awful my mom was, Penny will do anything to make me feel better.
 Seriously?| Look, I mean, I’m not proud of it, but it does work. I got her to watch a six-part documentary on Monty Python. Even I was bored, I just wanted to see if she’d make it to the end.
 You sound kind of proud of it.| I am, I’m really proud.
 Oh, just a little treat. I know you’ve been feeling really bad about your mom lately.| Oh, oh, I have. So bad.
 And I wanted to make you feel better, so I planned something very special for you.| Uh-huh, I can already feel it working.
 I understand you have been whining about my parenting in order to emotionally manipulate your girlfriend. | I… uh…
 Let’s discuss why you continue to involve me in your sex life.| Oh, please, Mommy. No, Mommy.
 When you were six years old, you walked in on me and your father naked. I was swatting his bottom with your brand new Ping Pong paddle.| I didn’t dream that?
 How did that make you feel?| Penny, come back. I’m sad for real now.
 Yeah!| Although, technically, Indy was supposed to take the ark to a museum to be studied. He couldn’t even get that done.
 I think it could be romantic. You know, my parents met at his place of work. | Your father’s a gynaecologist.
 Would you please tell him this isn’t a good idea?| No, no, I think it’ll be great. Maybe next time he gets conjunctivitis at work, she can hold his head and try to put the drops in his eyes. Giant baby.
 That’s a Raging Ogre.| Yeah, I know.
 Well, I appreciate your concern, but I won’t be seeing any more of Amy than I already do. I assume we’ll deduct any extra time we spend together at work from our weekly quota.| Please let me be there when you tell her that.
 Why? So you can see the look on Amy’s face when she hears my top-notch idea?| Please, oh, please, just let me be there.
 My arm is feeling numb.| Nailed it.
 Amy.| Hey.
 Hello.| That was kind of icy. You two okay?
 Oh, we’re fine. As Howard advised, she’s merely respecting our professional boundaries.| Smart. Take relationship advice from a man who spent last night braiding Raj’s hair.
 Did you know that Los Angeles has a Little Sri Lanka?| I did not.
 I was asking for directions. Apparently, there was a communication problem.| I thought Amy was gonna drive you home.
 But you didn’t even hear the details.| Sheldon, I’ve known you a long time, and I’m going to tell you this with all the love I can possibly muster. Amy’s right. You’re wrong.
 But you don’t even know…| Doesn’t matter.
 But, now, but in my defence…| Doesn’t matter.
 Uh, Sheldon, you want to take a break? Your food’s ready.| No, no, what are you doing? He’s both happy and quiet. It’s like seeing a unicorn and Bigfoot at the same time.
 Look, she’s gonna be back any second, so here’s the deal. I’m writing a song, and I was hoping we could all play it for her together.| Aw.
 Yeah. Hey, how come you’ve never done anything romantic to celebrate our first date?| Well, for starters, you’ve broken up with me so many times, which first date are we talking about?
 Ooh, somebody call the burn ward. And back to the zone.| And besides, I do romantic things for you all the time. Can you even name one romantic thing you’ve done for me?
 I can name tons.| Sex doesn’t count.
 Oh. I know, what about that bed-and-breakfast?| Well, I took you there. All you did was…
 I know what I did. I bet they had to throw out that rocking chair. You know, I can be romantic if I want to.| It’s fine. And also not true.
 Okay, just you wait and see. I’m gonna romance your freakin’ ass off.| That’s beautiful. Is that Shakespeare?
 Zone.| He’ll figure it out when he falls off the roof.
 Leonard, prepare to be humbled and weep at the glory of my genius.| Nope, it was better before.
 Look at it. I feel like my mind just made a baby. And it’s beautiful. It’s not like human babies, which are loud and covered in goop.| Holy crap, Sheldon, did you just figure out a method for synthesizing a new stable super-heavy element?
 Did I? Well, that can’t be right. No one’s ever done that before. Except me, because I just did it. Sheldon and his brain, yeah. Sheldon and his brain, yeah. Sheldon and his brain, yeah. Sheldon and his brain, yeah. Sheldon and his brain…| Yeah, definitely better before.
 So I’m almost done writing the song for Bernadette. Are you cool playing the cello?| If by cool you mean willing to, yes. If by cool you mean cool, clearly you’ve never seen me play the cello.
 Oh, well, thank you. Believe it or not, I just learned a Chinese research team at the Hubei Institute for Nuclear Physics ran a test on a cyclotron, and the results were extremely promising.| Sheldon, that’s incredible.
 Oh, more testing, more success, more fame. Yeah, but don’t worry, I will remain the same down-to-earth humble Joe I’ve always been.| Good to know.
 There’s nothing happy about it. I’m being given credit that I don’t deserve. | Oh, people get things they don’t deserve all the time. Look at me with you. 
 No, Leonard, this is going to haunt me for the rest of my life. Every science classroom, every periodic table, every textbook, this mistake will be staring back at me. Like that time you let Koothrappali wax your eyebrows. I’ve got to find a way to stop this thing.| Buddy, I don’t think you can. I mean, once it’s out there, it’s out there. This thing is like the science equivalent of a sex tape.
 You know, frankly, I’d prefer a sex tape.| You don’t know what a sex tape is, do you?
 Make sure you guys get to the restaurant by eight. Bernadette’s meeting me there at eight thirty and I don’t want to blow the surprise.| We’ll be there.
 Come on, come on, you haven’t even heard it yet. Leonard, give me a beat.| I will not.
 Boy, Bernadette is gonna love this.| Yeah. It must be nice to have someone do something so romantic.
 Okay, you know what’s not romantic? Rubbing it in someone’s face.| Actually, it can be, but I told you sex doesn’t count.
 I know. When will this nightmare end?| Hey, I get that you feel bad about all the attention, but still, what you did is amazing. We’re really proud of you.
 Guys, there was an accident at Bernie’s lab.| Oh, my God, is she okay?
 Poor Bernadette.| Oh, no.
 I discovered a secret ingredient. The flavour packet. That sucker is well named. All right, lover boy, get ready, ’cause there is a crap storm of romance coming your way.| Stop it, you’re gonna make me cry. All right. You seem pretty confident.
 Oh, I am. Maybe if you follow this trail, you’ll see why.| Oh, rose petals.
 Yes. The most beautiful and shockingly expensive of all the flowers.| You made the bed? You really are pulling out all the stops.
 Okay, I gave this a lot of thought, and I finally found something to show you how much I love you.| Oh, wow.
 It’s a first edition of Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy. I remember it was your favourite book growing up.| This is great. It, thank you, it’s, so much.
 What?| Nothing. I love it.
 No. Something’s going on. What’s wrong with it? I remember you saying how great it would be to have a first edition.| It’s true, I did. I did say that. When we were at the used bookstore together and I saw the first edition and I bought it.
 Oh, my God, I am the worst.| No, no, it’s okay. It’s really thoughtful.
 No, it’s not. I mean, what’s thoughtful is everything you do. Here, you know what? Look at this. Look, here’s the, the plane ticket you bought me when I was too poor to go home for the holidays. And the rose you left on my windshield just because. Here’s the, the thank-you letter you wrote me after the first time I slept with you. All 11 pages of it.| I can’t believe you saved all this stuff.
 Of course I did. It’s you.| Come here.
 Oh.| Is that a pregnancy test?
 I’ve never seen him this happy before.| That’s because you’ve never seen him on restock the medicine cabinet day.
 Look. A new topical antihistamine with lidocaine. Wow. I can’t wait until I get a rash. | Oh, Gas-X has a new ultra strength. I guess they really do read their mail.
 Hey, isn’t that Professor Proton?| Oh, yeah.
 Look at him, just standing in line like he wasn’t moderately famous 30 years ago. Let’s go say hello.| Oh, maybe we shouldn’t bother him.
 I’m not going to bother him, I’m going to talk to him.| He thinks there’s a difference.
 Oh, okay, I get it now.| Dr. Jeffries, hello again. Leonard Hofstadter.
 Oh, oh, right, I remember your, your girlfriend. Is, is she, is she here?| No, she’s not.
 So, what prescription are you getting filled?| Sheldon.
 Well, given my age, that’s more than just a lucky guess.| Hey, Sheldon, let’s go mock the people buying homeopathic medicine, you love that.
 You think they came up with that? They were going to drink beer and play darts.| What’s up?
 How is that possible?| Hey, I got an email from Professor Proton.
 Goody. What’s it say?| He’s working on a paper about nano vacuum tubes, and wants to know if I’d take a look at it.
 If someone had told me that people would still call me Professor Proton when I was 83 years old, I never would have quit smoking.| I’m sorry, Dr. Jeffries, I’m just excited. This nano vacuum tube idea of yours is, it’s really interesting.
 Hello, Leonard. Oh, hello, Arthur. What an odd coincidence that you’re both here.| Why is it odd?
 That’s what I told my lawyers.| Mr. Nye, hello. I’m sorry he got you involved in this nonsense.
 What are you guys working on?| Oh, uh, we’re making nano vacuum tubes.
 This is so exciting, I, I feel like I’m 75 again.| Oh, God.
 What, what is it?| Sheldon just sent me a picture of him and Bill Nye getting smoothies.
 Can, can I ask you a question?| Yeah, sure.
 Why do you put up with Sheldon?| Oh, uh, you know, because we’re friends.
 Why?| Wow, you ask really hard questions.
 Yeah.| Look, I know he can be aggravating, but what you have to remember is that he’s not doing it on purpose. It’s just how he is. But he’s also loyal and trustworthy and we have fun together.
 You, you know you’re describing a dog.| He did bite me once. But in his defence, I came up behind him while he was eating, so…
 Yeah, they, they hate that.| You know what, Sheldon is the smartest person I have ever met. And he’s a little broken and he needs me. I guess I need him, too.
 Why, why is that?| Boy, you will not let this go, will you? Oh, jeez.
 Another photo from Sheldon?| No, I have to go pick him up. Bill Nye ditched him at the smoothie place.
 Yeah, and my eighth favourite episode of Professor Proton was Alka-Seltzer rocket. You said, plop, plop, fizz, fizz, oh, what a blast-off it is. Remember? Remember that? Remember?| He can’t help it. He can’t. He really can’t.
 Hey, can I ask you a question?| Sure.
 You’ve had this dart board since I’ve known you, but I’ve never seen you play.| Oh, uh, we played, once. I broke a window.
 What window?| That one over there.
 Leonard, where are the Skee-Ball tickets?| Skee-Ball tickets?
 Yeah, from when we went to the arcade three years ago? I finally decided what prize I want. Hurry up.| Uh, if I still have them, they’re probably in the junk box.
 None of your business. But when you see me wearing a flower in my lapel later, you are most welcome to sniff it.| Yup, oh, here you go.
 Oh, thank you. Here, get yourself an eraser for your troubles.| Oh. I forgot about this. My aunt made it for me when I started college.
 Aw, did she hate you?| Why? Because I got an ugly, itchy sweater, and my brother got a car? No, I was her favorite.
 I seem to be a few tickets short. Are there more in the box?| Hmm, I think I got them all. Nope, they’re not in there.
 Well, you barely looked. Let me see.| No, no, no, I, I looked, and there’s, there’s, there’s no more tickets.
 Leonard, let me look in the box.| Okay, okay. I’m gonna show you what’s in the box. But just promise not to flip out.
 No, if it was a spider, Lenny would’ve flipped out.| Okay, Sheldon, I know I was supposed to return this DVD a long time ago, and I know we rented it on your card. But it’s been, like, seven years and clearly nothing bad has happened. So in-in-in-instead of being a giant pain in the ass like you always are, what if this one time you just tried staying calm?
 That seems like a reasonable request. Although so did, hey, Leonard, would you mind returning that DVD?| I’m sorry. I’ll, I’ll take care of it.
 Okay.| I mean it, I’m going to.
 I believe you.| And you’re going to stay calm?
 I said I would.| How about that? Sheldon’s being reasonable.
 Okay, first, talking to you while you’re on the toilet isn’t exactly a picnic for me either, okay? Remember, when you can hear me, I can hear you. And second, you completely disregard how uncomfortable unresolved issues are for me. It’s, it’s like, a, an itch in my brain I can’t scratch.| When I broke my arm I used to stick a coat hanger down there. You ever try that? Maybe go in through the ear?
 You wouldn’t make jokes if you could feel the way I feel.| Well, I don’t know how to do that.
 How about this? I promise I won’t pester you about the DVD. You can defecate in peace. That’s a win for both of us. But, until this matter is resolved, I would like you to wear this sweater. With nothing underneath it.| That’s stupid. Why?
 You say it’s itchy and uncomfortable. I say situations like this make me feel the same way. | I’m telling you, try the hanger.
 Put it on. Let’s share the experience.| You got it. If this sweater shuts you up, I’m gonna make a fortune selling them to everyone we know. Now all I need to do is head down to the video store and return the DVD.
 Oh, did I forget to tell you? That store went out of business years ago.| Really?
 So, you can never take it off?| No.
 Not even to sleep?| No.
 So, you’re just an idiot?| It’s called proving a point.
 So, how are you gonna return the DVD if the store went out of business?| Monday morning I’ll go downtown, look up the owner’s information and send him the DVD. Pay the late fee, and prove to Sheldon that you can have a problem and solve it without acting like a complete lunatic. Ah!
 This chair is squeaky. Now, do I fix it or get a new one?| Well, Sheldon, it took me all morning, but I found the owner of the video store. And I am happy to report that he died peacefully in his sleep, drunk at the bottom of a pool. Anyway, there is no one to return the DVD to, so this issue is resolved. Ah! And I’d just like to point out that even though the sweater was uncomfortable, I didn’t use it as an excuse to antagonize everyone around me.
 You know, you could reimburse the video store owner’s next of kin.| Or it’s resolved.
 What are you doing?| Oh, I’m just trying to find the stupid next of kin to this stupid video store owner so I can return the DVD and see the look on Sheldon’s stupid face when he sees that I didn’t let this get to me.
 Sheldon’s not here. Why don’t you take the sweater off?| There’s a principle at stake.
 Which is?| Oh, I don’t know. Who cares? Look at me.
 Oh, my God! Is that sweater made of bees? Come on, take it off. I won’t tell.| No, no, honey, if I take it off, Sheldon wins.
 Sweetie, every night you don’t kill him in his sleep, he wins.| No, it’s, it’s almost done. I just, I have to find the next of kin, and send ’em the DVD and then just wait for someone with my complexion to die so I can get a skin graft.
 Smile.| What is that? What is that for?
 There’s probably a deep reason. Which I’d be happy to discuss with you over some peanut brittle in a can.| Okay, Sheldon, I am out of options. Video store owner, Nursis Manookian, has no next of kin.
 Well, you seem hot under the collar, or is that the sweater?| Oh, oh, no, no. It’s because I spent all afternoon at the Armenian church where his funeral mass was held. According to Father Solakian, no one attended. Luckily, my trip wasn’t a complete waste. I lit a candle and prayed for your death but I’m not Armenian, so it probably won’t work. This is over, right?
 Oh, not necessarily. I suggest you look for long-lost relatives either in Armenia or Lebanon.| Listen to me, Sheldon. I am not going to Lebanon to return Super Mario Brothers the movie.
 You know, it might be fun. You love hummus.| Why isn’t this bothering you? Isn’t your brain getting itchy? This is on your card. This could be ruining your credit score. Why isn’t this making you crazy?
 Leonard, I have something to tell you, but I want you to promise not to flip out.| What?
 Seven years ago, I found out the DVD was late and I paid for it.| What?
 I was going to mention it at the time, but then I thought, some day, this might be a teachable moment.| Aaaah! I, you, how can, what!
 Look, I’m telling you I’ve done it, okay? I clearly remember the cow standing up and then the cow on its side.| Were you drunk?
 I was 16 in Nebraska. What do you think?| I think you’re the one who fell over.
 Oh, since you put it that way, I’d love to go, but that sounds even more awful.| It’d actually be nice to not hear Sheldon complain about my cooking all day.
 Uh, excuse me, but every year you prepare a terrible meal and every year I criticize it. Do our traditions mean nothing to you?| I want to go.
 Sheldon, you can have a nice Thanksgiving anywhere. I spent one in Vegas.| You did?
 Yeah, back when I was dating Zack. It was actually more fun than I thought. We gambled, we went to one of those cheesy wedding chapels, we had a really good turkey dinner. Which was surprising, since we were at a strip club.| Wait, you went to a chapel?
 Yeah. | Why? 
 We had one of those silly fake weddings.| Penny, you know those are real, right?
 No, they’re not.| Yeah, they are.
 No, they’re not.| Yeah, they are.
 Yes, Miss Amy.| I can’t believe you’re married to that idiot.
 Ugh, would you stop? We just did it as a goof.| Well, a goof or not, you’re actually married. You need to get this taken care of.
 So how do I undo this?| I’m hoping you can get an annulment. It’s just like it never happened.
 What’s with you?| Oh, she’s mad at me because she just found out she’s married to Zack.
 No. But I did get tackled in the hallway once. The whole school cheered.| Okay, I found the, uh, court papers that you and Zack need to fill out. I’ll print them when we get home.
 Fine.| And we can just put this whole thing behind us.
 Are you done?| What?
 Look, I get it, I screwed up. Is this all we’re gonna talk about the rest of the day?| Why are you mad at me? You’re the one that did the stupid thing. I’m just trying to fix it.
 Ugh, I need some air.| Wuh, Penny.
 Listen to Stretch.| How am I the bad guy? She’s the one who married someone else. I’m the victim.
 I’ve kept my marriage together for 35 years. Can I weigh in here?| Sure.
 Well, you’ll be happy to know I just spoke to Zack and he’s willing to sign the court papers. He’s on his way here now.| Wait, you invited him here?
 I’m getting ready to weigh in again.| Come on.
 No, no, speak up. I’m about to use the blender, and I don’t want to miss anything.| Well, you might have to cook for one more because she invited Zack.
 Yeah, okay, great. Can we just get this over with?| Yeah, uh, you guys have to sign here and here. On Monday, we’ll file for the annulment, and this marriage will be over.
 Ooh.| Why won’t you sign it?
 Of course it was an impersonator. We could never afford a real Elvis.| You married him instead of me? Good call. Sign the papers.
 Hang on. You know what? You have been a jerk about this all day. You always do this, whenever I mess up, you’re right there to make me feel even worse about it.| That is not true.
 Yeah, we could’ve waited till Monday, signed the papers, this all would have been over.| You’re the one who invited him here.
 Not cool, bro. I’m starting to think you’re not the kind of guy I want dating my wife.| Yeah, well, she’s not gonna be your wife for long.
 Hey, I’m sorry about today. And I promise, next time I get married, it won’t be a joke. It’ll be for love. Or money.| I’m sorry, too.
 Yeah, well, I’m not just some trained monkey dancing for coins.| Of course you’re not. People love trained monkeys.
 Hello, President Siebert. Thank you for taking my call. I just wanted you to know that you can now expect enthusiastic participation from me regarding my discovery. Oh, no, no, no, no. No need to thank mNo, thank my friend, Wil Wheaton. For your information, I have nine friends, hmm? Ten if we include you. Nine it is. Ah, it’s ten. I’ll count Wolowitz. Hello, friend Leonard.| Hey, you’re in a good mood.
 I’m in a great mood.| Well, you’re about to be in an even better one. I didn’t want to say anything until I knew for sure, but, I’ve been re-running the tests on your element in my lab and I disproved it. Your element does not exist.
 Yeah, but what about the Chinese research team? They found it.| Yeah, it turns out someone added simulated signals to the data files. They faked the results.
 Really?| Yes. Do you know what that means? That means all of this attention that you hate goes away.
 So no more interviews?| No, it’s all over.
 I can’t believe it.| Well, you’re welcome.
 You robbed me of my greatest achievement.| What?
 I’m back down to nine friends. Make it eight, I’m sick of Wolowitz, too.| I, I don’t understand. All you’ve done since you discovered this stupid element was complain. I was trying to make you happy.
 By taking away my only claim to fame? Well, if you wanted to make me happy, you could have told me a joke. Or shown me a cute video of a koala and an otter becoming unlikely friends.| Oh, there is no winning with you. And koalas and otters don’t even live near each other.
 When I thought the element was real, I didn’t want it. But now that Leonard made it not exist, I want it more than anything in the world.| The, the element never existed. I didn’t take it away, science took it away. Be mad at science.
 Don’t you dare use science against me. Science is my best friend. Oh, good, I’m back up to eight.| Will you tell him he’s out of his mind.
 I have no idea what she’s talking about, but we’re ganging up on you so I agree.| Okay, Sheldon, what do you want me to do, hide the information? If I don’t publish it, it’s just a matter of time before someone else does.
 No, no, of course you have to publish. That’s your responsibility as a scientist. Doing otherwise would be unethical. You have no choice.| Fine, I’ll publish.
 I saw. And I just posted a retraction of my paper. Now the whole scientific community knows I was wrong.| These things happen all the time, Sheldon.
 Thew he is. It’s my favowite superhewo, the Wetwactor.| Come on, don’t give him a hard time.
 I’m sowwy, Cooper. I wetwact it. By the way, Hofstadter, nice job dispwoving the Chinese team.| It’s not a big deal.
 It’s a huge deal. Cooper, maybe physics just isn’t your thing. Have you ever considered a caweer in wetail? That way you could take things back for a wiving.| Okay, Barry, that’s enough.
 What’s that animal doing in our apartment?| Oh, relax, she’s in her crate. She can’t get out.
 I’m Ira Flatow, and this is Science Friday. I’d like to welcome back Dr. Sheldon Cooper, who thought he had discovered a new super-heavy element only to have it disproved by my next guest, Dr. Leonard Hofstadter. Welcome to Science< Friday, gentlemen.| Thanks.
 No. Now, Dr. Hofstadter. Can you walk us through the process you used to disprove his theory?| Well…
 I believe I can answer that.| He asked me.
 Fine.| As I was saying…
 You’re telling it wrong. Ira, to really understand the story here, you have to start at the very beginning. A small town in East Texas, where a young genius named…| Sheldon.
 Actually, I didn’t invite you. You came in, you took a seat, and I’m not comfortable with confrontation.| Sheldon, this interview is supposed to be about me.
 How you doing over there?| Oh, I hope it’s just a sprain. I cannot walk into that E.R. with another video game injury.
 Oh, I would, but I’m on my way out.| Where?
 Right now? Why?| Is someone sick?
 Well, I never told you about my brother’s kidney stone. You want to hear about everything that comes out of my family’s genitals?| Well, congrats, and it’s nice you’re gonna be there for your sister.
 Yeah, which means we don’t have to use his ridiculous ornament-spacing template.| And I’m happy to report its kickstarter campaign is holding strong at zero dollars.
 Honey, I’m a little strapped for cash this year, so for Christmas I was thinking of giving you this.| I love it.
 Okay.| But it is what you got me last year.
 Yeah.| And last night.
 Hi. | Hey, buddy.
 Oh, you weren’t joking.| No.
 Hope you’re thirsty, here it comes.| Watch me.
 Hey, you guys ready to order or you need a few minutes?| I, uh, ah, um, I…
 You didn’t ask her out, but that was a lot of sounds.| You guys are making me nervous.
 Fine, then go talk to her on your own.| I will. Excuse me.
 Yeah?| Hi, uh, um, I’m Leonard?
 Really? You don’t sound so sure.| No, I am he. Uh, any, anyway, um, there’s been something I’ve wanted to ask you for a long time. Um.
 What’s that?| Eh, uh, well, I was wondering, if you’re not too busy, um, uh, if, if you’d be interested in telling me where the restroom is?
 Sounds about right.| But, you forget, I did ask you out in real life.
 Oh, man, that is so us.| You know, maybe you and I wouldn’t be together, but you wouldn’t have done so great yourself.
 Why? | Because I know exactly the kind of guy you would’ve ended up with.
 Hey, he may be an idiot, but at least he didn’t pee himself.| Oh, hold on.
 Did you hear that? A mop. I have two PhDs yet somehow I’m the janitor of my sister’s birth canal.| Hey, Sheldon sent us all an e-mail. Happy holidays from Texas. And there’s pictures. Aah! Don’t open them. Do not open them.
 Okay, that’s enough.| Disagree.
 Actually, much better.| Oh, good. Is the baby born yet?
 Hey, how come you three never got an apartment together?| We talked about it, but Howard was in a pretty serious relationship with his mom.
 Hey, so how come you two didn’t move in together?| Oh, this guy wanted a place of his own because he was sure he was gonna be a ladies’ man.
 Coming.| Hang on. Why would I be fat?
 You’d have no girlfriend to see you naked, you’d try to fill the void with food, and I’m an enabler who once deep-fried a pancake.| Why can’t you be fat, too?
 Oh, thank you. I wasn’t sure I was gonna to make it. But my mother gave me some ice chips, my sister told me to breathe, and I just thought to myself, Sheldon, if you can make it through the Green Lantern movie, you can make it through this.| Well, good for you, buddy. We’ll let you get back in there.
 If that were true, I wouldn’t still be living alone. Well, not exactly alone. I do have a 50 pound sack of rice with one of Sheldon’s T-shirts on it.| I’m telling you, Sheldon cares for you more than you think.
 I wish I could believe you. I also wish there wasn’t a mouse living in Rice Sheldon.| Hang on, I’m gonna give you a little early Christmas present. I’m gonna show you something, but if you ever told Sheldon he’d probably never speak to me again. So, if you want to tell him, that’s fine. Look.
 I don’t understand.| He made you his screensaver.
 Oh. Wow. I had no idea. He is so into me. Wait, wait, where’d I go?| Oh, well, it’s you, Swamp Thing, Stephen Hawking, Spider-Man, but, look, you’re in the mix.
 Who’s that?| Oh, Madame Curie.
 This is nice, that we all get to eat together.| Absolutely.
 Guys, guys, you’re never gonna believe this.| What happened?
 Congratulations.| What? That’s great. Guys.
 Um, NC… II… or, you know, NCSTD… I don’t know, it’s, it’s, you know, it’s the one with the letters and I’m gonna be on it!| That’s amazing.
 Ooh, Mark Harmon, he’s a dreamboat.| So it, it’s just flirting?
 Well, yeah. Why?| Uh, no reason. I just think it’s sexier when things are left to the imagination.
 So I read a study that says a man with a dog is three times more likely to get a woman’s phone number.| Is it true even when the man lets his dog lick peanut butter off his tongue?
 Why is that funny? That’s just unhygienic.| It’s a joke.
 Leonard, do you think I’m funny?| No. Do you?
 I think I’m hysterical.| I take it back. That was funny.
 The philosopher Henri Bergson says it’s funny when a human being behaves like an object. | I bet that bit killed at The Chuckle Hut.
 Oh, he didn’t perform stand-up comedy, he was a philosopher.| You know, I think we’re zeroing in on your problem.
 Perhaps I’ll spend some time developing a unified theory of comedy, which will allow me to elicit laughter from anyone at any time. Unless they’re German, ’cause that’s a tough crowd.| Are you set on people laughing with you? ‘Cause if you’re cool with at you…
 No, and that’s why he had Erin Pace rewire it…| I’m so proud of you.
 We haven’t even gotten to my scene yet.| I know, but you’re going to be a TV star and you haven’t left me yet. That takes guts.
 Are you kidding me?| What’s wrong?
 They must’ve cut it.| Oh, Penny, I’m, I’m sorry. 
 Ugh, this is such a disaster. My parents had all my relatives over. They got one of those six-foot sandwiches, and got my brother a day pass out of rehab and now he’s missing and the sandwich is missing, and they’re probably in Mexico by now. So humiliating.| You still got the part. That’s a huge accomplishment.
 Yeah, but this was supposed to be my break, okay? People were gonna see me in this show and it was gonna lead to bigger things. More auditions, more parts. Now none of that’s gonna happen.| Honey, you only had, like, three lines. That wasn’t gonna happen anyway.
 Unbelievable.| Oh, come on, no, that’s not what I meant.
 Then what did you mean?| I don’t, look, you know, words don’t always have to mean things.
 I think you meant that you don’t believe in me.| Nope. Uh, uh, I might not know what I meant, but I know that I didn’t mean that. Not this guy. Oh, no way.
 I want you, right now, to give me your 100% honest opinion.| Right.
 Do you think I have what it takes to really make it as an actress?| Yes.
 So you think I’ll be on TV and in movies and win awards.| Honestly?
 Yes, honestly.| I don’t.
 How could you say that?| I don’t know, I got all confused when you said honestly.
 Oh.| Look, do I think that you are talented and that you are beautiful? Of course I do. But isn’t Los Angeles full of actresses who are just as talented, just as beautiful? All right, look, we’ll come back to that.
 No, please. Don’t stop, go on. Tell me how I’m gonna be a waitress for the rest of my life.| That is not what I said. Look, I think you’re really good. I truly do. But this is an incredibly hard thing that you’re shooting for. I mean, the odds of anyone becoming a successful actor are like a million to one.
 Wow, thank you.| Should’ve let Sheldon come.
 And you didn’t get your part cut. Yep, bunch of old guys rocking out in a band, all with erectile dysfunction, you didn’t get your part cut!| Hey. Can we talk?
 We can, but the part of Penny might get cut.| That was really crappy of me. What you’re trying to do is hard, but people do make it, and I really do believe you could be one of them.
 Thank you.| And to show you how much I believe in you, I kind of got you an audition.
 Are you serious? For what?| The new Star Wars movie.
 What? How did you manage that?| There’s this thing online, you put yourself on tape and just send it in, anyone can do it.
 Come on Leonard, this is just a PR stunt.| So? Even if it is, you have a huge advantage because you’re an actual actress. Most of the people doing this are just weirdoes and nerds. Wolowitz sent his in two days ago.
 Really, let it go.| Look, maybe it is a long shot, but sometimes long shots happen. Luke Skywalker was only given one chance to destroy the Death Star. He had to get a torpedo into an exhaust port that was only two meters wide, but with the help of The Force, he… wow, I can feel you hating me right now.
 Hey.| Yeah, I’ll call you back.
 Look, I know you were just trying to help with your Star Wars thing. I didn’t mean to call it idiotic.| Well, I don’t think you called it idiotic.
 Oh. Sorry, I meant to. Anyway, um, I was just upset with myself. I wasn’t mad at you. I just feel like everything is falling apart.| Come on. It’s okay.
 No, it’s not okay. Look at me, okay? I took a temp job as a waitress forever ago, and I’m still doing it. I can’t quit, because guess what? I can’t do anything else. And I finally get my big break, and it goes away. I’m such a mess.| No, you’re not.
 Really? ‘Cause this morning at Starbucks, a pair of old underwear fell out of my pant leg. And it wasn’t the only one in there.| Okay, listen to me, this is just a minor setback.
 No, it’s not, okay? I’ve been out here for, like, ten years. I’ve nothing to show for it.| Well, you have me.
 You’re right. I do have you. Mm. Let’s get married.| What?
 Ooh. Leonard Hofstadter, will you marry me?| Um…
 Did you seriously just say um?| Look, you know I love you but, but you’re, you’re drunk and sad and feeling lost.
 Okay, so, so you don’t want to marry me?| That is not what I said.
 Who’s in the mood to laugh?| Really not a good time.
 I’m gonna go.| Penny, don’t.
 So, a sandwich, a rabbi and yo mama walk into a bar. Where are you going?| To my room.
 Should I follow you?| No.
 Leonard, wait.| What?
 Can’t sleep?| No.
 Would you like to talk about it?| Penny proposed, and I didn’t say yes.
 Why not?| That’s a good question.
 Does that mean the relationship is over?| I don’t know.
 Why don’t you ask her?| Because I’m afraid to know the answer.
 Well, I’m sorry.| That’s it? You’re not gonna make some dumb joke or some inappropriate comment?
 No. You’re my friend, and, I’m sorry.| Did you just put a kick me sign on my back?
 It’s an outrage.| I know.
 The university, they think they can do whatever they want. We just have to sit there and take it.| You need to let it go, Sheldon.
 You work tirelessly for someone, and this is what you get.| Oh, my God, they’re just making you use your vacation days.
 But I don’t want a vacation.| Okay, listen, I don’t mean to diminish what you’re going through, but I’m a little distracted right now.
 Oh, this again? So, Penny proposed, you didn’t say yes, and now you think you may have lost her love forever. How does this compare to me being forced to relax for a few days?| It doesn’t.
 Thank you.| I’m gonna go talk to Penny. 
 Hi.| Hey.
 Look, I’m sorry I didn’t text you back. I just needed some time to think.| Okay.
 Yeah. Come in.| Look, if you want to break up, just say it.
 Leonard…| No, no, no, no. I take it back. Don’t say it. Just, just hate me, but stay with me. It worked for my parents.
 Listen, I don’t want to break up with you.| Oh. Oh, okay. Good, good. So, it’s cool if I cry a little?
 Yeah, I probably wouldn’t.| Yeah.
 Look, you did the right thing last night. I was a mess. I was just frustrated because my career is going nowhere.| Look, I get it, and I want you to know that I support whatever you want to do.
 Great, because I’ve been thinking, if I really want this acting thing to work, I need to focus all my energy on it. And to do that, I should quit waitressing at The Cheesecake Factory.| Wow. That, that’s a big step.
 I know.| So, well, before making any rash…
 I already quit.| And I support you.
 Come on, take me to work with you.| No. You’re on vacation.
 Please. What if there’s a big breakthrough in science today and I’m not there to see it?| Do you really think there’s gonna be a breakthrough without you there to do it?
 No. I was just tricking you.| Bye.
 Leonard, wait. Take me with you.| No.
 Please.| No.
 Too bad. I’m coming with you.| Oh, Sheldon, stay.
 But.| I said stay. I’m going to work. Do not follow me. 
 Penny really quit The Cheesecake Factory?| Yeah.
 So, what is she doing today?| I don’t know. She already thinks I don’t support this, so if I call, it might look like I’m checking up on her.
 Well, do you support this?| Of course I do. She’s a great actress. I’m proud she’s taking this risk.
 That’s nice.| You bought that? Great. I got to call her before I forget how I said it. Hey.
 Hi. What’s up?| Oh, how’s it going? You taking Hollywood by storm?
 Actually, I’m at The Cheesecake Factory.| You got your job back. That is great news. I didn’t want to say anything, but you are making the right choice. To plunge yourself into debt right now would be literally insane.
 Yeah. I’m just returning my uniform.| And I support you.
 Too bad. It seems like a good way to drink a milk shake without getting brain freeze.| Oh, hey.
 And now we go to Reverse Warrior.| How did she get you to do yoga?
 I’m helping him relax because, unlike you, he supports me.| Oh, how many times do I have to say it? I support you.
 Okay, if you support me, what was with that phone call?| Fine. I’m not sure you should have quit. But if you care so much what I think, why didn’t you ask me before you did it?
 Oh, so now I need your permission? Would you have asked me before you quit your job?| Yes. I thought we were in the kind of relationship where we make decisions together. If I’m wrong, then maybe we need to talk about the kind of relationship we’re actually in.
 I’m willing to if you guys are.| Can we please have some privacy?
 Y, No. I’m as much a part of this relationship as you two, and I think it’s high time we put all our cards on the table. For example, where is this going? Are you two ever getting married? And, if so, where will we all live? Have you thought about that?| No.
 Okay, wait. What are we doing?| For some reason, we’re planning a future where we both live with Sheldon forever.
 Yeah, no kidding. Despite what it says on her résumé, she is no longer 22. | I swear, I am on your side. 
 He does that to me, too. Why do we put up with it?| Listen, I could never do what you’re doing, okay? I would be terrified.
 I’m fine with it.| My point is, just because I couldn’t do it doesn’t mean you shouldn’t. And I’m proud of you. 
 Oh, it all comes down to this.| Oh, I’ve got butterflies.
 What’s going on?| Hey. We’re about to buy tickets for Comic-Con.
 T Minus 45 seconds.| They sell out incredibly fast, but as long as one of us gets in, we can buy passes…
 15 seconds.| Well, this is it, this is it. This is it.
 No.| Not yet. 
 To be cool? Yeah.| I did it, I did it, I’m in the queue.
 Uh, what number in line are you?| Uh, fifteen…
 Great.| …thousand two hundred and eleven.
 Really?| Oh, Thursday’s gone. Just Sunday left.
 Oh, Sunday’s the worst. Everybody’s leaving, most of the good panels are over, and the only T-shirts they have left are small and XXXXL.| Sunday’s gone.
 So that’s it? Everything’s sold out?| Yeah.
 Gentlemen, I have the solution to our Comic-Con problem. We don’t need them. I’m starting my own convention.| Sheldon, just buy scalped tickets with us.
 I told you. Buying scalped tickets is against the rules. If you get caught, you get banned from Comic-Con for life. Life, Leonard. You’re gonna feel pretty silly when we’re 80 years old, and you have to drive me down there and then wait in the car for three days.| Do what you want. We’re getting scalped tickets.
 How do you know this isn’t a sting operation set up by the Comic-Con police?| The same way I know that the people in the TV set can’t see me.
 I didn’t even get to that part.| Look, even your friend Wil Wheaton thinks this is a waste of time.
 Not true. Wil thinks this is a great idea. He was just concerned that he wasn’t a big enough celebrity to headline such an amazing event. Also, that’s the same day that he shampoos his beard.| Sheldon, buddy, I just don’t think this is going to come together for you.
 You don’t know that. I still have plenty of solid leads on this list.| Good luck.
 Hey, since Sheldon’s not going to Comic-Con, maybe we could find a cool trio to dress up as.| Mmm, what if we go as The Fantastic Four, and just tell people that the Invisible Girl is standing there with us.
 Gentlemen, I am one step away from securing a huge guest for my convention.| Does that step include chloroform and a roll of duct tape?
 And that’s where Darth Vader’s gonna pour soy sauce on your head.| Sheldon, I don’t care if you get scalped tickets with us or not, but please don’t be creepy and go stalking this poor guy. You’re gonna get in trouble.
 You know, did he say things like, youse guys, or, listen here, see?| Yes. He, he’s late because he’s on his way here from 1940.
 I don’t know. Maybe ’cause dark doesn’t show the stains?| Well, now you’re making me wonder if we should have met him at a neutral location.
 Okay, so, I’m on a Comic-Con message board, and there’s a post from a guy where he says he got caught using someone else’s badge, and Sheldon was right, he did get charged with petty theft. Guys, if I go to jail dressed as the Human Torch, that might send the wrong message.| Maybe this isn’t a good idea.
 Okay. We’re officially not going to Comic-Con.| Hold on. We always do this. 
 Do what?| Chicken out. We’re, we’re so afraid of getting into trouble that we never do anything wrong.
 That’s ’cause we’re the good guys.| Even Batman breaks the rules. 
 You know I struggle with Batman.| I say, this one time, instead of wimping out, let’s be badasses.
 Okay, I’ll be a badass, but only if you pinky-swear to be one, too.| Howard, you in on this?
 No need. I’m breaking rules all the time. | Name one.
 Are you impressed by that?| A little.
 He just parked. He’s on his way up.| Good. This is exciting.
 It is. I feel alive.| Yeah. What if we do get caught, who cares? So we get banned from Comic-Con.
 Uh, maybe it’ll come up when I apply for citizenship. Oh, crap, what if it comes up when I apply for citizenship? | I wonder if we’d have to disclose something like this when we apply for grants.
 No, I think we’re just gonna have a quiet weekend at home.| Plus, I’m not sure it’s a great idea to take Penny to where wine comes from. What? It’s a joke. Oh, come on. We bust on each other. I wear dorky glasses, you might have a problem, it’s all for laughs.
 I’m trying to put lipstick on a pig here. Work with me.| We’d be happy to watch Cinnamon.
 Happy Valentine’s Day.| Ooh, flowers and chocolates? Somebody’s trying to get me out of my panties.
 Don’t be surprised if you find five chocolates missing and three gross coconut ones with a bite taken out. It came that way when I bought it.| Got you a little something, too.
 Aw, jewellery. Oh, my God, Lakers tickets?| It gets better. Instead of me, you can take someone who will actually enjoy it.
 Aw. You are the best boyfriend ever.| Thank you. Seriously, please don’t make me go.
 Should we take this little party to the bedroom?| Mm, don’t have to, we have the whole place to ourselves.
 Oh, that’s true. | In fact, if you want, we can do it right here on Sheldon’s spot.
 That is the least sexy thing anyone’s ever said to me.| To the bedroom.
 Oh, my God.| It’s a little late, but I’ll take it.
 No, Cinnamon ate the chocolates. That’s really bad for dogs.| Oh, crap. What are we gonna do?
 We gotta get her to a vet right now.| I don’t have a vet. I have a podiatrist, an optometrist, an allergist, a dermatologist, a urologist. You’d think I’d have a vet.
 Okay. There’s one not far from here. Come on. Let’s go.| Okay. Koothrappali was right. We should have let her watch.
 A whole box.| Well, to be fair, you ate a lot of it before you gave it to me. 
 I’m sorry, is this a joke to you?| No. Maybe to her.
 Uh, something like this. I don’t know. It came free with a full tank of gas.| Really? Do you know how much those Lakers tickets were?
 Sorry.| Sorry.
 It wasn’t cheap. It was free.| We’re really sorry. It was an accident.
 Yeah, we weren’t even out of the room that long.| Oh, no, come on. It was a while. It was a while.
 I think there’s something going on between the two of them.| Maybe, but you also think nine minutes isn’t a while, so what do you know?
 Yeah, for future reference, that’s a while.| How long should we stay?
 I don’t know. I’m kind of hungry.| I saw a Thai place next door.
 Oh. Okay. Oh. Oh. Hey.| How’s she doing?
 How is everything?| Yeah.
 My pleasure. Have a nice night.| Yes, thank you for all your help.
 Hello.| Oh, hey. You’re back. How was your trip?
 It was wonderful. | Great. What did you do?
 I made a new friend who likes trains as much as I do, uh, I kissed Amy on the lips, and, uh, the conductor played his banjo for me. Good night.| Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I’m gonna need more details.
 Oh, well, my new friend’s name was Eric. Um, Amy lips tasted like the brownie we had for dessert. Oh, and the banjo-playing conductor was missing a finger, but he made up for it with his can-do attitude.| No, hang on. Hang on. Are all those things equal to you?
 Hmm. It never occurred to me to pick a favourite.| Well, give it a go.
 I can’t answer that without collecting additional data.| Additional data. You dog.
 Oh, actually that’s a Van Dyke. A goatee is just hair on the chin.| Oh. Wait, then what is it if you just have hair up here?
 You mean a moo-stache?| Moo-stache.
 Moo-stache.| Moo-stache.
 Hi. Sorry I’m late, I was at an audition.| Oh, I’m sorry.
 How about instead of assuming I failed, you ask me how it went?| Sorry. How did it go?
 No one is running anywhere. We’re not getting a dining room table.| I know you don’t like change, but it’s not a terrible idea.
 Translation?| Waah. I don’t want a table.
 You know, I’d love to, but, um, I’m too busy falling back in love with Windows 98.| Seriously? You haven’t used this desk in years. The second I want to get rid of it, you’re up here working?
 I can’t talk right now, I have several thousand updates to install.| Are you really gonna sit here all day?
 Think of me as Arthur Dent in Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy, lying in front of the bulldozers to protect his home.| If you’ll recall, the Vogon fleet blew up the Earth anyway.
 It’s a made-up story, Leonard, I don’t even know why you’re talking about it.| I’m putting all this stuff in storage. We don’t need any of it.
 You, how can you say that? You show me one thing in here we can live without.| Oh, hang on. Check your in-box.
 Wait. Is this really worth it? We’ve lived together for years with nary an argument.| Huh?
 But we start talking about a table, and suddenly we’re at each other’s throats.| Nary an argument? Nary?
 Ooh, this one looks nice.| No. Sheldon doesn’t like reclaimed wood.
 Why not?| He’s afraid the original owners will come back.
 Yeah. Well, Sheldon’s not here.| Well, he is here. So unless you want to dig him out with a bone saw and a melon baller, there’s nothing I can do about it.
 All right, sweetie, you’re paying for this table, and it’s your apartment, too.| I know, but…
 No buts. You got to stop letting him boss you around.| You’re right. I mean, he decides what TV shows we watch, what food we eat, who my favourite hobbit is. I wanted Frodo, but we can’t both have Frodo, so guess who’s stuck with Samwise Gamgee.
 See? Right there. You’re a grown man, you should be able to pick whichever hobbit you want. Wish you wouldn’t, but one problem at a time.| You make a lot of sense. I like this table, and I’m getting it.
 Really? This one?| That one? Damn right I like that one.
 So, when can we get rid of it?| We’re not.
 Come on, that is ridiculous.| She’s right, a committee that important should meet more often.
 That’s not what I’m saying.| Oh. This is the thing about me standing up to him and not letting him run my life?
 Yes.| That.
 Me?| Well, it’s always me, take one for the team.
 Are you gonna let him talk to me like this?| Fancy sounds like a compliment.
 Of course she told me, it’s the most interesting thing that’s ever happened to her in her entire life.| You’re too close to it, but Amy has had a huge impact on you.
 You’re right. Without realizing it, I’ve allowed that woman to alter my personality.| Mm, Sheldon, you didn’t have a personality, you just had some shows you liked.
 Or you’re the frog who’s been kissed by a princess and turned into a prince.| Or you’re just a tall, annoying frog.
 No. You’ve opened my eyes to the truth. Amy has made me a more affectionate, open-minded person. And that stops now.| Well, we should call her.
 Hello.| Oh, hey. You guys didn’t break up.
 Oh, me, too. I mean, the doctor was willing to fudge the results, but it just seemed so darned dishonest.| But the mission wouldn’t be for at least a year. Isn’t that enough time to get your blood pressure under…
 Yeah, it’s fun up here.| So why are you trying to ruin it?
 Now I feel bad.| Oh, don’t anthropomorphize him, he’s got big eyes, but his feelings are not like ours.
 No, it just seems silly for us to sit in two groups.| Well, it’s not silly if you think of that group as being led by a big, evil baby.
 Yeah, let’s go.| But Penny, this was your idea. You said that I should stand up to him.
 Forget it, Leonard. It’s over.| Fine.
 How about Penny’s depressing acting career?| Hey. I mean, it’s been a little tough, but Penny’s following her dreams, and in my book, that is not depressing.
 Well, I’ll have you guys know I turned down a part in a movie last week.| Why would you do that?
 Well, I don’t think it’s the kind of part that’s good for my career.| Well, but don’t a lot of famous actors get their start doing bad movies?
 If she did, it would be amazing. That woman can do no wrong.| I don’t know anything about show business, so if you think it’s reasonable to turn down paid work and just burn through your savings, I’m sure you know what you’re doing.
 I think we’re gonna go.| No, no, no. This is not a fight. I was just excited that someone offered you a part and a little surprised that you’d rather sit at home and do nothing than take it. Now it’s a fight.
 Oh, hi.| Oh, how’d it go at the mechanic?
 Not great. Can I talk to you for a sec?| Yeah, sure.
 I don’t know what to do. My car threw a rod and it’s totaled. I can’t afford a new one, I have no job, and now I can’t drive to auditions.| I’m so sorry. I know it’s a sensitive subject, but can you reconsider that part in the movie?
 I did. I called them. The part’s gone. They gave it to someone else. Now that girl’s gonna get discovered and become famous and go on Letterman and talk about how she got her big break on a cheap monkey movie all because some dumb girl thought it was beneath her.| At least they talked about you on Letterman. Come on, I can drive you wherever you need to go.
 Yeah. Why wouldn’t I want to get my old job back? It’ll be fun to see everyone. I haven’t talked to them since I said I quit, see you at the Oscars, bitches. Come on, let’s just get this over with.| Let’s get this over with. Am I driving you to the Cheesecake Factory, or are we having sex? I’m just, I’m trying to lighten the mood.
 I know. Thank you.| Sorry.
 It’s just so humiliating.| So humiliating? Am I driving you to the Cheesecake Factory…? I’m sorry. I’ll. I’ll stop. I’ll stop.
 Sweetie, I know you’re trying to make me feel better, and I love you for that, but it’s making me feel worse, and I kind of hate you. This isn’t your car.| I know. I thought we’d take yours.
 I don’t understand.| It’s nothing fancy, but it’ll get you to auditions, and at least for now, you don’t have to go back to waitressing.
 I don’t know what to say.| Don’t say anything.
 Oh, my God.| I mean, you could say thank you. I did just buy you a car.
 I wouldn’t be so sure about that.| Yeah, he has a very sensitive butt. Well, it’s true. Once I saw him sit on a bunch of loose change and add it up.
 Disgusting. Do not tell him.| What do you guys want to do tonight?
 No, I don’t feel so…| Oh, my God, Stuart?
 Stuart?| Calling 911.
 Well, it’s too late.| What do you mean it’s too late?
 Oh, my God.| Oh, come on.
 That kind of actress. This sucks.| Come on, guys. Raj put a lot of effort into this. And that’s great. It’s not sad, it’s great.
 Hey, I found something. It looks like a little man with a briefcase.| Oh, no, no. That’s Clarence Darrow. It’s from a game Sheldon made up called Chutes and Lawyers. You slide down a chute and then work your way back up through the appellate system.
 That is so sweet.| I’ve seen old pictures of you. You were never a fat kid.
 From the future? How fun and imaginative.| So one of us came back from the future to murder Stuart?
 Correct.| Does the gazelle with a flair for storytelling know he’s just ripping off Terminator?
 Does the smart-ass know that Terminator was actually ripped off from an Outer Limits script called Demon With a Glass Hand, by Harlan Ellison?| Oh, does the gazelle know that according to Harlan Ellison, it was not ripped off from Demon With a Glass Hand, but was ripped off from another Outer Limits script he wrote called The Soldier?
 Hey, I’m a famous actress living in London.| Hmm, I’m a professor at Stanford.
 What does your card say, Bernadette?| Uh, uh, uh, hang on. Do you think we’d really drift apart if we both became successful?
 Of course not. If I became a famous actress and had to move, you would just come with me.| But if I get a chance to be a tenured professor, I might not have that much choice in where I end up.
 Yeah, but if I become a successful actress, we wouldn’t need the money.| Well, you don’t go into science for the money.
 Okay, okay, guys, new back stories. Uh, Penny and Leonard, you two lovebirds are super successful and living in New York. Uh, you’re an actress, you’re a professor and you have three beautiful kids.| Great.
 Can we please get back to the game?| In a minute. I don’t understand why any success you have in acting is more important than any I have in science.
 I’m surprised you guys never talked about this stuff.| Like you and Sheldon have everything figured out?
 Yeah. I think you’re the best couple I know.| Aw.
 Thank you. I thought it was inspired.| It was. By Terminator.
 I love it.| Putting it in my phone right now.
 Yup, we’re all in.| All right, I’ll see you guys in 20 years.
 Boy, do I have to urinate.| If only there were a solution to that.
 Seriously. I feel like I’ve got a fish tank in my pelvis.| So go to the bathroom.
 I can’t.| Why not?
 Because I’m trying to decide between getting an Xbox One or a PS4. Oh, pee, why’d I say that?| Forgive me for asking a stupid question, but why are you being stupid?
 I’m not being stupid. I’m employing the work of Dutch researcher, Mirjam Tuk, who found that people with full bladders make better decisions.| Why did I pee before I decided to move in here?
 Hi.| Hey. Oh, how’d the audition go?
 I killed it. I was even able to cry real tears right on the spot.| Oh, that’s great.
 Here come the waterworks.| Aren’t you gonna ask?
 No, come on. This is serious.| Uh, uh, does it at least pay well?
 Less than I was making at The Cheesecake Factory.| What does your agent think?
 She’s thinking of taking a job at The Cheesecake Factory.| You know what, why don’t you just do it? You’ll go have fun for a few weeks, make some money, and who knows what it might lead to?
 Okay, look, here, page 58. I oil-wrestle an orang-utan in a bikini.| Just to clarify, which one of you is wearing the bikini?
 Both of us.| So it’s a family film.
 And then after coffee, we went for a walk and she told me she always thought people from India were exotic and mysterious. So, with my mouth, I said, we’re just like anybody else, but with my eyes, I said, straight up, Red, hop on my flying carpet.| So, are you gonna see her again?
 I can’t do that to Leonard. This is some powerful panty-dropping stuff.| You have my blessing. Go for it.
 Wow.| Okay, that’s enough.
 Leonard?| PS4.
 Oh, my goodness.| What’s up?
 I just got an e-mail from my ex-girlfriend Lucy. She misses me and wants to get together.| Two women at the same time? Nice job, playa.
 Really?| Was it the two women thing or the playa? It was the playa.
 No.| Were you seeing other men?
 No.| Aren’t you gonna ask me?
 Me, either.| So, what do you think, is there a professional downside to doing it?
 So, I was in Stand By Me when I was a kid, and it was a huge success. The terrible movies I did came after that. I mean, imagine how that feels.| Sounds rough.
 I’m telling you, this business is brutal. To this day, I hate going on auditions. Okay, I walk in, and I can just feel them thinking, he was such a cute kid, what happened to him? And then I don’t get the job, and I can never find out why. Honestly, I get so depressed, there are entire weeks that I can’t even get out of bed.| Okay, this was helpful.
 He’s gonna die alone, right?| Yes.
 Yeah, literally, none of it.| What do you think about it, Sheldon?
 Maybe it’s because I’m not an elitist. What I’d like to know is, how does this gravity wave breakthrough help the man on the street? You know? Who’s looking out for Joe six-pack and all his quantum physics concerns?| Oh, my God, you’re jealous.
 Why would I be jealous?| Oh, I don’t know. Maybe because the origin of the universe just got proven, the Higgs field just got proven, and you’ve been working on string theory for the last 20 years and you’re no closer to proving it than when you started.
 I know it’s hard, honey, but in the end, that’s how you grow.| Penny, have you seen my good inhaler?
 Oh, that’s just a doodle of a hyperelliptic Riemann surface.| Oh, yeah. Wasn’t that the basis of your postdoc fellowship?
 The magazine articles suggest that one of the ways to get over a breakup is a new look.| What about your old look, well-groomed ventriloquist doll?
 Oh, how about Bill Gates meets Nikola Tesla?| So, business in the front, science in the back.
 Can you keep him quiet? Maybe jangle some keys in front of him?| That doesn’t work any more. He just thinks I’m taking him to the doctor. So, now that you’re no longer invested in string theory, what are you gonna pursue?
 Have you ever even seen a picture of Tesla?| It actually looks good, Sheldon.
 Doesn’t it?| Yeah.
 Like you could get a brown bear.| Hey, I’ve got a good job. I could buy salmon. You don’t know.
 Oh, please. If I wanted to take up a fad, I’d get a tramp stamp.| What about loop quantum gravity?
 Who’s the duchess?| One of the people that lives in his head.
 I hope he’s this distraught if he ever breaks up with me.| Well, if he does, I’ll see if my bear has a friend.
 Not so good.| Are you gonna introduce me to your friend?
 It’s not my friend. Nothing happened.| I don’t know. I heard you reading pretty loud last night.
 Oh, dear Lord. Where’s Amy?| After she put you to bed, she went home.
 Oh. I should call her and apologize. Oh, no.| What?
 So, we’re about to shoot this scene in the movie where the killer ape DNA is slowly taking over my body.| Okay.
 But I realize they’re gluing fur everywhere except my cleavage. So, I asked the director why and he says, it’s important to the story that my boobs be the last things to turn ape.| It’s sweet that he thinks there’s a story.
 Leonard, I could use your assistance.| Sure. What’s up?
 Well, now that I’ve given up string theory, I’m struggling to find my next area of focus. So, in your professional opinion, which of these areas do you think is the most promising?| Huh, well, I think there’s some really innovative stuff going on in dark matter.
 Sheldon, what did we say about being a nicer friend?| Thank you.
 ‘Cause you’re trying too hard. You need to do something else, get your mind off it.| Hey. How about we bring back Anything Can Happen Thursdays?
 Hey, that’s good. Why’d you guys stop doing that?| You made fun of us. Said it was stupid.
 All right. I officially reinstate Anything Can Happen Thursday.| Great, what do you want to do?
 I don’t know. What do you want to do?| I’m starting to remember the problem with Anything Can Happen Thursdays.
 Hmm, what can we do that’s fun?| What can we do that’s different?
 Uh, tell me more about this calzone idea.| You know what? Why don’t we just ease into this. Let, let’s go for a walk and, and, and see if we find a new restaurant.
 Any chance that restaurant is near Griffith Park?| No.
 All right.| Raj and Howard are at Howard’s mom’s, but should we call the girls and see if they want to come?
 Amy’s sick.| Aw. What’s wrong with her?
 Well, she talks a lot. She always wants to hold hands.| That’s not what I meant.
 Well, if you were referring to her illness your question should have been, what ails her?| What ails her?
 Great. You know, this is how Anything Can Happen Thursday turns into It Won’t Stop Coming Up Friday.| Hey, how about that Asian fusion place?
 I haven’t been complaining that much about the movie. Have I?| I also love you.
 I’d tell you what I do with Howard, but I don’t think dressing up like a Catholic schoolgirl is gonna work with Sheldon.| He’d probably give you homework.
 Between Penny’s gorilla movie and Howard’s gorilla mother, I had no choice.| Thankfully Penny and I have a relationship based on honesty. What? I don’t lie to her.
 I know, it’s weird, right?| Yeah. We should do it more often.
 Is she still mad?| Oh, doesn’t seem like it. She got Sheldon to go to a psychic with her.
 A psychic? He considers them not just mumbo jumbo, but extra-jumbo mumbo jumbo.| Well, Penny can be very persuasive. She’s gotten me to do a lot of things I wouldn’t normally do.
 Because she has sex with you.| Yeah, she does.
 Can I confess something? Once in a while, I get a little jealous of how close Penny and Sheldon are.| Really?
 I mean, not in a romantic way. It’s just, she really has some sort of connection with him.| Well, well they’ve known each other a long time, and Penny grew up around horses, so she knows how to approach him without making him skittish.
 Don’t get me wrong, I’m glad they’re friends. I just wish he’d be that comfortable around me already.| Well, it took him a long time to get comfortable around me, too.
 Really? What did you do?| Something terrible in a former life? I don’t know.
 So, when is it?| Uh, well, it’s not May the fifth, and it’s not May the third. It’s May the fourth.
 May the fourth be with you?| May the force be with you. Get it?
 Come in.| Hey, you got a second?
 Yes. Actually, I’m glad you’re here. I’m working on the Star Wars Day schedule. Now, I have a window built in after Phantom Menace for complaining, but I’m worried an hour won’t be enough time.| Sheldon, I’ve got some bad news.
 What is it?| I just read online that Arthur Jeffries passed away.
 Professor Proton is dead?| Sorry, buddy.
 What are you doing?| Comforting you?
 Your heart might be in the right place, but your head, chest and arms certainly aren’t.| Anyway, the, the funeral’s on Sunday.
 But, that’s Star Wars Day.| Yeah, um, of all the things about this that are sad, that might not be number one. You okay? I know he meant a lot to you.
 I’m fine.| Okay. Yet he cried when they changed the Raisin Bran box.
 Arthur Jeffries was a scientist. I’m sure he didn’t care about silly superstitions like funerals. You know, if he were here, I think he’d say enjoy Star Wars Day.| He was 84, he’d say where’s my pudding?
 I have a confession to make.| Hmm?
 I’ve never been to a funeral before.| Really?
 I just never knew anyone that died. I had a pet pig when I was a kid. I mean, when he died, we didn’t have a funeral, we had a barbecue.| Yeah, we won’t be eating Arthur tonight.
 I didn’t know him very well, but I still really liked him. It’s weird that he’s just gone.| I know.
 I feel like I want to cry.| Oh that’s, that’s fine. Go ahead.
 I can’t do it with you staring at me.| Sorry.
 No, I’m dry. You’re a big crybaby, you start, I’ll join in.| I am not a crybaby.
 Toy Story 3?| The toys were holding hands in a furnace. Look, Arthur lived a full life. And he inspired a lot of people. Sure, he, he was my childhood hero, but the fact that I got to work with him, side by side, before he died was, it was, it was a gift.
 It was a gift. Thank you for being the emotional one in this relationship.| I got your back.
 Well, I don’t want to be a jerk, but it was kind of a bummer.| Yeah, well, when I die, you can rent a bounce house.
 You think about dying?| Mm. Well, I think more about if I’d have any regrets.
 What would you regret?| Mm, you know, that I didn’t travel more, take more risks, learn another language.
 You know Klingon.| That’s true.
 No, I meant that as a regret.| I just thought of one more.
 What’s that?| I regret not saying yes when you asked me to marry you.
 Well, it just wasn’t the right time.| Yeah.
 And this is also not the right time. Do not propose.| What?
 I know that face. That’s your propose face.| I was not gonna propose. It’s already two to one.
 What’s two to one?| I proposed twice, you proposed once. Two to one.
 Oh, my. It’s not a contest.| I don’t know what you’re upset about. I’m the one who’s losing.
 Okay. Fine. Would you feel better if I propose so you could turn me down again?| Yeah, I think I would.
 Okay. Leonard, will you marry me?| Hmm.
 No, don’t you dare. You reject me right now and tie things up.| It’s just such a big decision. I don’t want to have any regrets.
 This isn’t funny anymore. Just say no so we’re done with this. Will you marry me or not?| Ooh, interesting. Did you just propose to me again?
 No.| Really? Because I just heard will you marry me? That’s two proposals, one day. Sounds like someone wants to spend the rest of her life telling people how to spell the name Hofstadter.
 You know what? Fine. Do whatever you want.| Hey. Penny, don’t get upset. Here. I love you, but, no, I will not marry you.
 Thank you.| Now, about that second proposal. On the one hand…
 I do. After I make them go back and watch one through five first.| Sheldon, that, that’ll take us all night.
 Boy, some of the physical comedy with Jar Jar is a little tough to watch.| At least they toned him down in the second one.
 So she’s gonna be laid up for at least six weeks.| Poor Mrs. Wolowitz.
 Hi.| Hey, how were things on the set?
 Thanks. There’s no reason why I shouldn’t be the best bisexual go-go dancer slowly transforming into a killer gorilla anyone’s ever seen.| I don’t know. The bisexual gorilla go-go dancer in Schindler’s List is tough to beat.
 Ah, very good. Because a gorilla go-go dancer of any sexual preference would be out of place in a film about the Holocaust.| It only gets funnier when you explain it, Sheldon.
 Look, sweetie, this movie is garbage, but you should be happy about that, ’cause if it was a good movie, you wouldn’t be in it.| Whoa, whoa, hang on. There’s no need to insult her.
 And who are you?| I’m her boyfriend.
 Isn’t she too hot for you?| A little, yeah.
 God, what am I doing with my life?| You having second thoughts about acting?
 You were on set, you saw what it was like.| Yeah, but it’s not always that bad.
 Oh, really?| What about when you did, uh, Anne Frank at that cute little theater?
 It was over a bowling alley.| Yeah, but there was ample parking.
 Are you done?| And you were so good in the TV commercial.
 It was for haemorrhoid cream.| And I got itchy and swollen just watching you.
 Leonard, you are really not cheering me up.| Come on. How can you be sad when you’re going home with all five-foot-six of this?
 Oh, my God. What a day.| Can I get you anything?
 No. I need to start making some smart decisions.| With your career?
 With my life.| Like what?
 I don’t know. We could get married.| Come on, be serious.
 I am.| Why? Because I’m a, a smart decision?
 Well, yeah.| So I’m like a bran muffin.
 What? No, that’s not what I’m saying.| No, it’s exactly what you’re saying. I’m the boring thing you’re choosing because I’m good for you.
 What does it matter? The point is, I’m choosing you.| Well, it matters a lot. I don’t want to be a bran muffin. I, I want to be a Cinnabon, you know? A strawberry Pop-Tart. Something you’re excited about even though it could give you diabetes.
 Sweetie, you can be any pastry you want.| No, no. No, it’s too late. I’m your bran muffin. Probably fat-free and good for your colon.
 You know what? Forget it. I never should’ve brought it up.| You know I want to marry you, but you’re only doing this because you got fired and you’re feeling sorry for yourself.
 Okay, it may look that way, but getting fired from that movie was the best thing that could have happened to me, okay? I finally realize I don’t need to be famous or have some big career to be happy.| Then what do you need?
 You, you stupid Pop-Tart.| Oh. Then I guess I’m in.
 Really? You guess you’re in?| Not like, I guess I’m in. Like I guess, I’m in!
 Yeah, I think so.| All right.
 What’s wrong?| I’m not sure. Just feels a little anticlimactic.
 Yeah, it kind of does, huh?| Oh, I know. This might help.
 Where did you get a ring?| I’ve had it for a couple years, not important. Penny, will you marry me?
 Oh, my God, yes.| This would have been so much more romantic if you didn’t have monkey hair on your finger.
 Hello, hey!| Okay. Well, now that everyone’s here, Penny and I have some big news. We’re engaged.
 You know what? That may be it. By the way, it isn’t like riding a bike. Like, I fell off a few times.| Hey, buddy.
 Hello.| You okay?
 He said it’s why they hired me, it’s, it’s what my grant was designated for, and that everybody has to do things they don’t want to do. He then gave an example of something he had to do, even though he didn’t want to, which was look at my stupid face.| That’s a rude thing to say, out loud.
 You know, if you’re really serious about that, I hear there are some exciting opportunities in home care for the old and fat.| Whatever you do, just don’t make any rash decisions.
 I’m listening.| Before I tell you, will you promise to try and be happy for me and keep any concerns you have to yourself?
 No. Let me save you all of your hemming and hawing. Sheldon already told me that you and Penny are engaged.| I hate that you talk to him more than you talk to me.
 Would you like for you and me to talk more?| You know what? It’s probably fine.
 In any event, while I’ve had my misgivings about Penny, Sheldon spoke very fondly of her, and if she is good enough for him, then she’s good enough for me.| I’m your son. What about the fact that she’s good enough for me?
 Sure.| Thanks, Mom.
 Leonard, would it make you feel better to hear that your mother approved of your life choices?| Yes, it would.
 I’m writing an appeal to the Faculty Senate, so that I can move on from string theory.| Oh. How’s it going?
 You tell me. Dear Esteemed Colleagues, as you may know, I have requested to change my field of study. My decision to do so is, I believe, in the best interest of science. At your convenience, I’d be happy to explain it to you in words you’ll understand.| It’s nice that you called them esteemed.
 You’re right. I’ll take that out.| So, listen, there was something I was hoping to float past you.
 Mm.| Now that Penny and I are engaged, I thought we might want to talk about our living arrangements.
 Of course. She’s spent many nights here, and you’re worried about preserving the myth of her virginity before the wedding.| I’m not.
 Good, because not only has that ship sailed, if it hit an iceberg, countless men would perish.| Actually, this is about where she and I are going to live.
 What do you mean?| Well, well, we might want to live together.
 Oh, yeah, well, I’ve already given this some thought, and I’m willing to let Penny live with us one day a week for a trial period. Now, obviously, not when she’s made cranky by the shedding of her uterine lining.| That’s very sweet. But we were thinking more of us maybe living together with… not you.
 I don’t understand. How could we all live together if I’m not there?| Look, I, I know this is, this is change, and that sounds scary.
 Where are you going to go?| I don’t know. We just started to think about this. Maybe I’ll move in with Penny, or maybe she and I’ll take this place, and you can move across the hall.
 Move across the hall? Did you take a marijuana?| No, I did not.
 Did you get hit on the head with a coconut?| No.
 Well, then, I’m all out of guesses. What? Me move across the hall. Why would you even suggest such a thing?| Because I love Penny, and want to give her the life she deserves.
 I see. You’re putting your future bride’s happiness above mine.| Well, yeah.
 This is so sweet. You never cook for me.| Well, you cook for me all the time and, ugh.
 If you don’t like my cooking, why haven’t you ever said anything?| It’s hard to talk with so much heavy chewing to do.
 Sorry. I’ll get better.| I know you’ll try. So, should we talk about setting a date?
 Well, I’d like to pick one that works with my brother’s schedule.| Okay. And when would that be?
 Hi, is Sheldon here?| No, I thought he was with you.
 He was, but he stormed off and now he isn’t answering his phone.| What happened?
 He was really angry that you suggested he move out.| Oh.
 I also mentioned that he and I could live together but he was too mad at you to realize what a great idea that is.| Well, he’s been having a couple of tough days. I’m sure he’s fine. He probably just needs a little alone time to decompress.
 That’s nice.| Anyway, as I was saying, Sheldon probably just needs a little alone time. ‘Cause that’s important. Not just for him, but for most anybody, really.
 Oh, I’m sure he’s fine.| I’m gonna see where he is.
 How?| Oh, I know his password, so I can track his phone.
 You do that?| Not always, but ever since he wandered off at the swap meet chasing a balloon, I get worried.
 He can take care of himself. Look, we went over stranger danger and gave him that whistle.| That’s weird.
 What?| He’s at the train station.
 So? He loves trains.| It’s dark out and he’s alone, I don’t like it. Let’s go get him.
 It’s sweet how you look out for him. You’re a good guy.| It’s not just that. My mother would kill me if I let something happen to him.
 You tracked my phone?| Yeah.
 Don’t be melodramatic. I’m just getting on a train and leaving forever.| Seriously? You don’t even have a change of clothes or a toothbrush.
 My plan is to stop at malls and buy what I need. It’s called living off the land.| Okay, I know you’re upset and there’s a lot of stuff going on, but it’s nothing we can’t work out. Come on, let’s get you home.
 It doesn’t matter.| So a few things don’t go your way and your best decision is to ride the rails like a hobo?
 I suppose it is. Except I have a credit card. And I refuse to carry my laptop at the end of a stick. And I’d sooner die than eat beans out of a can.| Come on, come home with us and tomorrow I’ll, I’ll take you to Legoland.
 Legoland is not the solution to everything. And it’s too much of a scene since that movie came out.| Then what can I do?
 Leonard, I am overwhelmed. Everything is changing and it’s simply too much. I need to get away and think.| Oh, come on, you know you’re overreacting.
 Leonard, hang on. Just come here. Maybe we need to let him go.| What? Why?
 It might be good for him.| You know he can’t take a trip like this by himself.
 He’s a grown man.| No, he looks like a grown man. You’ve seen Freaky Friday, sometimes little kids end up in big person bodies.
 Leonard, we can’t protect him forever.| I know, but…
 Seriously, let him go.| Sheldon, if you really need to do this, I’m not gonna stand in your way.
 I do.| Okay. Good luck.
 I will.| Bye, buddy. Sheldon?
 Yes?| I’m gonna miss you.
 Of course you are.| He just made that easier.
 I really think this is gonna be for the best.| Me, too. And he was able to take a sabbatical from…
 Hello, Leonard.| Hey, buddy. Good to hear your voice.
 Uh, I’m in Kingman, Arizona, and, uh, I need you to come pick me up.| I’d love to. I’m just about to do yoga with Penny.
 Leonard, I’m at the police station. I was robbed. They took my phone, my wallet, my iPad, everything.| Oh, my God, are you okay?
 No, I’m not okay. Uh, I’m wearing borrowed pants, I don’t have I.D., and one of the officers here won’t stop calling me chicken legs.| Okay. Uh, I’ll, I’ll come get you. What’s the address?
 Hey, what’s going on?| He got all of his stuff stolen.
 2530 East Andy Devine Avenue,| Okay.
 Hurry.| Sheldon, hang tight. Hey, do you want me to bring anything?
 Oh, yes, please. A pair of pants. And my toothbrush. Yeah, and my mail. And a really good comeback for chicken legs, because “I know you are, but what am I?” was met with stony silence.| I’ll be there as soon as I can.
 Is he okay?| Yeah, he’s fine, he’s just a little rattled.
 Oh.| Feel like driving to Arizona with me?
 I can’t, I have that job interview.| Oh, right.
 Besides, I don’t need six hours of your hair is different, why did you change your hair? I’m holding my breath until your hair grows back.| All right, fine. Hey, can you think of a reason I shouldn’t invite Amy to come with me?
 Nope.| Come on, you didn’t even try.
 My pleasure. And I’m not angry at all that my boyfriend was in trouble and called you instead of me. I love that,| Yeah, time’s gonna fly by.
 You know, Sherlock Holmes liked to use cocaine to sharpen his focus. But I’m sure those Cool Ranch Doritos are doing the trick.| Sheldon.
 Where didn’t I go? I went to New York, Chicago, Atlanta, Denver, Seattle.| How were they?
 Oh, I have no idea. I never left the train station.| Hang on. You travelled across the entire country and never left a train station?
 Why would I? That’s where all the cool trains are.| I’m sorry, so you never went outside?
 At the hot dog stand in the Denver train station, Heinz ketchup. At the hot dog stand in the Salt Lake City train station, Heinz ketchup. At the hot dog stand in the Indianapolis train station?| I don’t care.
 Well, I was thinking put your head out the window like a dog, but that’ll work. Please? This’ll be quick. Leonard? As soon as we get home, I want to have coitus with Amy. Okay, she can’t hear. The reason I called you is because I didn’t want Amy to know I couldn’t make it on my own.| What’s the big deal?
 Oh, of course it’s no big deal to you. You idolize me, and nothing could ever knock me off that pedestal you put me on.| Well, yeah, it’s true. You, you are a god to me.
 Can I stop now?| Just tell her.
 But you still accomplished something.| Yeah. If you had told anyone that you were going away on a train by yourself across the country, do you know what they would have said?
 That I couldn’t do it?| Exactly. Right after they said yeah.
 Indeed. I was the world’s smartest caterpillar. And then after pupating in our nation’s railway system, I’ve burst forth as the world’s smartest butterfly.| Butterfly could’ve gotten himself home from Arizona.
 Yeah, it did, but luckily all my photos got backed up to the Cloud.| And you thought they all had a silver lining.
 I wonder if Stalin considered any other animals.| Hippos are the deadliest creature. A half-human, half-hippo soldier would be pretty badass.
 Couldn’t hurt.| Mm, I don’t know. Who here has ever been hurt because they were the teacher’s pet?
 Oh, well, her last name is Sweeney, and something just didn’t seem right about Koothrapeeney.| Hey, how’d it go with human resources?
 What a stupid question.| The kids are gonna love him.
 I can’t believe I have to waste my time babysitting a bunch of grad students who probably think dark matter is what’s in their diapers.| This might not be that bad. Uh, you like telling people they’re wrong.
 Yeah, well, of course I do. Listen to it. It’s like an earful of melted caramel.| Look, most importantly, this will let you move on and study dark matter.
 No one signed up.| Well, that’s not your fault.
 I called the department secretary to see what happened. Apparently, I have a reputation for being obnoxious.| What?
 Why would you do that?| Yeah, why would you do that?
 Oh, I’m working on my lesson plan for Wolowitz. He is going to be so lost. Look at this section over here. Even I don’t really understand it.| Sheldon, why are you doing this?
 I’m a teacher, Leonard. It’s my job.| No, I mean, why are you going to so much trouble to prove that you’re smarter than Wolowitz?
 Oh, it’s no trouble, it’s actually a pleasure.| You want to know what I think? I think the idea that someone could be as smart as you, or even smarter, scares the pants off you, and you can’t deal with it.
 Interesting point. You’re suggesting that I have emotional issues below my consciousness which drive my behaviour, thus causing me to lash out at anything or anyone that threatens my intellectual superiority.| Might be something to think about.
 Leonard?| Yeah.
 Well?| Sheldon, I promise. Your uvula does not have an STD.
 Laminate the core material.| Come on, give him a hard one.
 So, how does this game work? I just throw it, like a real ball?| Yeah, just nice and easy, right over the plate.
 Hi. What’s going on?| Baseball.
 Okay, this is not what I meant when I said go outside and play.| He’s practicing.
 I know. Watching your boyfriend run around with a broomstick between his legs isn’t something you forget.| C’mon now, throw one.
 Cut it out. You’re hurting my feelings.| Now you know why we’re not outside.
 Good, I had Cornish game hen.| Oh, that poor waiter.
 Yeah, which I was initially sceptical of until I saw online that they serve Yorkshire pudding.| You don’t even like Yorkshire pudding.
 After a lively debate, that proposal passed by a two-zero margin.| Nice to see a busy couple keep the spark of bureaucracy alive.
 I wasn’t making a joke, I was merely stating fact. Amy and I have a superior relationship to yours.| You don’t honestly think that, do you?
 Leonard, I assumed you knew. The ranking of relationships in our circle by quality is me and Amy, Howard and Bernadette, Raj and his girlfriend, Penny and Chardonnay, Penny and you.| There isn’t any ranking. And if there were, we wouldn’t be at the bottom of it.
 Yeah, and actually, I drink Sauvignon Blanc.| That’s the part you have a problem with?
 For starters, we enjoy spending time together.| So do we. And I’ve seen you guys ignore each other for hours doing totally different things.
 It’s called parallel play.| Yeah, toddlers do that.
 Not as well as we do.| You believe this guy? He has to be the best at everything.
 Oh, listen to them. Not even married and the honeymoon’s over.| Whatever. You can’t even go on a date without checking your relationship agreement.
 Absolutely not.| Some perfect couple. He won’t even share his food with her.
 It has avocado on it. She’s allergic to avocado. Are you so jealous of our relationship you want Amy to die?| I’m not jealous. I just think it’s silly for you to compare relationships like they’re something that can be quantified.
 Everything is quantifiable. That French fry? A seven. Spider-Man? A nine. The number nine? Oddly, only a four.| How ridiculous is he?
 A hundred.| Sheldon, you’re just assigning random numbers to things based on your opinion.
 Yeah, not to be confused with the French Fry Goodness Inventory. That’s pure Cooper.| So, this is accurate?
 Sheldon and I got an eight-point-two out of ten.| Fine. We’ll take it right now.
 No, don’t.| What?
 Just don’t take it.| Why not?
 ‘Cause it’s stupid. Who cares what number it is?| Come on. It’ll be fun.
 I said I don’t want you to. I’m getting another drink.| Sorry.
 No, stop being stupid.| Um, whew? Is this about the test, or is this about us?
 Look, I don’t need a score on a test to make me worry about something I’m already worried about.| What are you worried about?
 That we’re engaged and have nothing in common, and it scares me.| Yeah, that scares me, too.
 It does?| Sometimes.
 Well, that’s not good. You being blindly infatuated with me was the rock we were building this relationship on.| Okay, well, this might make you feel better. Uh, we’re both scared that our marriage will be a disaster, and so, that’s something that we have in common. Also, we both think I’m not funny. Huh? See, you’re not laughing.
 Why? We won. You know, I say, next, we take on Koothrappali and his dog. Really give ourselves a challenge.| I just want to say one more thing about this. Just because Penny and I are very different people does not mean that we’re a bad couple.
 The answer is one simple test away. Hmm? You know, it’s like when I thought there was a possum in my closet. Did I sit around wondering? No, I sent Leonard in with a pointy stick and a bag.| I killed his Chewbacca slippers.
 Let’s just take the test.| No, no, no, I don’t want to.
 Oh, well, ’cause you know we’re gonna do bad.| Because it doesn’t matter. I don’t care if we’re a ten or a two.
 Or a one. A one is possible.| Marriage is scary. You’re scared, I’m scared. But it doesn’t make me not want to do it. It, it just makes me want to hold your hand and do it with you.
 Look at you, talking sports.| This is fun, huh? We get to see our friend throw out the first pitch, have a hot dog, watch the game.
 Can he really throw a ball?| On our Quidditch team, he…
 We still on for tomorrow night?| Yeah. I’m excited to finally meet your girlfriend.
 Why would I lose friends just because I started dating someone?| Yeah, you didn’t lose anyone when you met Amy. Yeah, well, no, this study refers to romantic partners. Not the way I would categorize the two of us.
 You guys kiss and hold hands.| I’ve seen him do it. It’s not romantic.
 Look, I’m not the kind of guy who drops his friends just because he’s in a relationship.| What happens if she doesn’t like us?
 Oh, it’s so nice to meet you.| Nice to finally meet you, too.
 Hello.| Wow, Raj, you were not lying about her.
 Yep, I wish Stuart would reopen. I hate this place, too.| Okay, him I believe because he’s an 80-year-old man in a 15-year-old’s tee shirt. But you’re just upset about Stuart and your mom and all their HBOs.
 Oh, boy, if there is one thing that gets my goat, it’s those dad-gum insurance companies.| Why? Because they won’t get off your lawn? Is Stuart trying to get a loan, or, or find investors?
 For starters, they shed and bite.| Hey, here’s a thought. Why don’t we put up the rest of the money that Stuart needs?
 So, we’d be, like, owners of a comic book store?| It’s kind of a dream come true.
 I’ll give you a plan right now. Step one, open comic book store. Step two, start rumour this comic book store gives you genital warts. Step three, buy a big bag to put the money in.| It’s not that bad.
 So, what are some ways we could set our comic book store apart from the competition?| Oh, kids buy comic books. It would be great to figure out a way to get more kids in the store.
 Toy stores, puppet shows.| Hold on. So, your idea is to get a van and cruise the streets looking for kids to pick up?
 Yes.| And are you gonna use candy to lure them in?
 Well, we were being honest. You would leave me out of the conversation with the next guy if you dumped Leonard?| Why say it?
 Yes, but as a store owner, I’ll finally have a good comeback to, You don’t work here, shut up.| Uh, do you know how Penny told Raj he should have left her off his list?
 Yeah.| Well, do you think when she and I had that conversation, she left people off her list?
 I’m sure she did.| Why?
 Because if she hadn’t, she’d still be wading through the list.| Will you stay out of this?
 Hey, what difference does it make? You’re the one she wants to marry.| That’s true.
 Yeah, he’s right. Once, in a moment of candour, I told Amy that her hair reminded me of a duck caught in an oil spill. She stormed out. Which was sad, because we were playing Scrabble, and I had all the letters to spell persimmon.| Why are you even part of this conversation? You don’t know anything about women.
 What’s up?| Mm, the guys and I were thinking about investing in Stuart’s comic book store. Is that okay?
 Why are you asking me?| Well, you know, we’re engaged, and it’s kind of a big deal financially. It seems like something we should talk about.
 Oh. Well, would you consider mounds of credit card debt kind of a big deal financially?| Yeah.
 I’m really disappointed we’re not gonna have our own comic book store.| I know. I was looking forward to it.
 Well, I guess it was too good to be true.| Yeah.
 Hey, I read that someone invented a way to convert your footsteps into electromagnetic energy so you can charge your cell phone while walking.| We had that idea years ago. How come we never did anything with it?
 I know the real reason you never made progress with that idea. You thought of it September 22nd, 2007. Two days later, Penny moved in, and so much blood rushed to your genitals, your brain became a ghost town.| That’s not what happened.
 Why, die. Why did he die? Old, told. I was told he was old.| Penny is not the reason I didn’t pursue that idea.
 And a few weeks ago, he almost did a pull-up.| I think someone owes me an apology.
 Oh, very much so. Listen to this. This is from two days ago. Hi. Hope you’re having a good day. Who has time for this constant sexting?| Well, maybe we have lost our focus.
 I’m not going to a cabin in the woods. Did you see the movie Cabin in the Woods?| Then we’ll go to a hotel.
 Yeah, well, no, not to them. To me. Time traveling mailbox. The only time that traveled was an hour and half of my life down the toilet.| Fine. Then we’ll just stay here and do it.
 Well, you didn’t suggest a beach house.| You would go to a beach house?
 Hey.| Hey. So, the guys and I are talking about having kind of a science retreat this weekend. I just wanted to know if that’s okay. You and I had talked about going to brunch on Sunday.
 I’ll check my underpants. I’m so excited, I think I peed.| They seem okay with it.
 Hey.| Hey.
 Yeah, one would assume, on getting out of the pit.| Okay, let’s focus. The girls are gone, we have 48 hours. There are no distractions. Let’s change the world.
 Cool. I’ll make the popcorn.| Guys, in 30 seconds, we went from let’s change the world to let’s watch TV.
 Okay. No. Leonard’s right. We’re here to focus. Didn’t we used to have a list of all our ideas?| I, I think I still have it.
 I did not get a clear answer. I’m gonna set this down now.| Ah, here it is. Whoa. I haven’t looked at these in years. Robot girlfriend.
 Mm, that was mine.| Robot prostitute.
 Boy, when you met Bernadette, the field of robotics really took a hit.| Okay, let’s just skip all the inventions you can have sex with. All right, no, here we go, ergonomic heated seat cushion.
 No, it vibrates. Keep going.| You know, let’s just come up with something new.
 Hey, the future they show in Back to the Future II is only a year away. A lot of the things in that movie haven’t been invented yet.| How cool would that be if we could make one of those a reality?
 If we could figure out the scientific basis for Marty’s hover board, that would have universal application.| Well, it’s, it’s possible at absolute zero, but we would have to remove the temperature restrictions.
 Wait. Whoa, whoa. Is placed right?| What do you mean?
 Is placed the right tense for something that would have happened in the future of a past that was affected by something from the future?| Had will have placed?
 That’s my boy.| Okay, so, it wasn’t until his 21st birthday that Biff had will have placed his first bet and made his millions. That’s when he altered the timeline.
 Unlike Hot Tub Time Machine, this couldn’t be more simple. When Biff gets the almanac in 1955, the alternate future he creates isn’t the one in which Marty and Doc Brown ever use the time machine to travel to 2015. Therefore, in the new timeline, Marty and Doc never brought the time machine…| Wait. Is brought right?
 Marty and Doc never had have had brought?| I don’t know. You did it to me.
 Oh, that stuff is so good wrapped around cocktail weenies.| Guys.
 Do you know if you look at Austria on a map it actually looks like a wiener?| Guys, what are we doing? We sent the girls away so we could focus.
 Plus, this is where our minds are conditioned to focus on work.| So, I’ve been thinking about the hover boards, and maybe there’s a way we could use Maglev technology.
 That’s nothing, dude. Go check out how hung Florida is.| I’m sure Mrs. Florida’s walking funny. Can we get back to work?
 Hey, it was match point.| Some psychologists perform operant conditioning with punishment. Maybe we can come up with a punishment for straying off topic.
 Mmm, not bad. You know, in medieval times, idle chatter was punished with a device called the scold’s bridle. It’s an iron cage that’s locked around the head and pierces the tongue.| If only we had one.
 And I really can’t let that happen or the girl who does my eyebrows will think I’ve been cheating on her.| All right, now, one benefit of quantum coupling…
 Wait, a question, who decides if someone’s gone off topic?| I think it’ll be pretty clear. If not, we’ll take a vote. Oh, and also…
 Ow. We didn’t vote!| We didn’t have to, that was clearly a tangent. Now come on. Back to work. If we’re leaning towards quantum coupling… Aah! Why?
 That’s ridiculous. Sheldon, I vote that is not a tangent.| Thank you. And now I owe you one.
 Ooh, that is a lot of hair. Ow. And now I’m gonna hear it from Jenny.| Everyone stop. This was a stupid idea. Negative reinforcement isn’t working.
 Jump ahead to the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man.| No.
 Leonard’s right. We can’t just jump ahead. We have to watch the whole movie.| Look. We keep procrastinating. We saw Back to the Future II, pigeons playing ping-pong, a bunch of countries that look like genitals and one guy whose genitals look like Denmark.
 Yeah, sorry for clicking on that.| It’s late. We’ve wasted hours. Can we please find it in ourselves to do any amount of work tonight?
 But we didn’t see them bust one ghost.| So you’re, you’re saying we should stand here in my lab on a Saturday night and watch the rest of Ghostbusters on a crappy laptop?
 Ghostbusters!| It really does hold up.
 How does it feel knowing your fiancée’s job is to go out and flirt with doctors, looking like that, while you sit here, you know, looking like this?| She doesn’t flirt with doctors.
 You know, the government funded the biggest experiment yet to detect dark matter.| Yeah, I’ve read about that, they’re sending research teams down into abandoned salt mines.
 Perhaps the emotion you’re referring to was shock at you having something cleaned.| I think what Penny meant is, the thought of you two in a mine is kind of funny, it’s like a cat riding a Roomba.
 Maybe they could ride around in one of those mine carts that go ee-oo-ee-oo-ee-oo.| Yeah, it’ll help them get away when they see a g-g-ghost.
 I’m sorry, I was thinking about work.| Well, I was just saying that there was this video game…
 Yeah, that’s when I started thinking about work. Uh, listen, I’ve got some good news.| Hmm.
 This is for you.| Huh. What is this?
 Well, you know how they gave me the company car? Didn’t make sense to have two, so I sold the other one.| The one I gave you?
 Yeah. And there’s your money back, and now we’re even. How great is that?| Uh, yeah.
 What?| Nothing.
 Oh, come on, Leonard, I know the car was a thoughtful gesture and I really appreciate it, but it doesn’t make sense to have both.| You’re right.
 What should I have done? Taken a picture of us in the car and put it in a pink frame with puffy paint around it that says best fiancé ever?| Doesn’t sound that bad.
 Well, good, because that’s what I did.| Aw, oh, thank you. That is so sweet.
 Well, it’s not that sweet, I paid for the frame with your money and then got a massage.| You know what, you don’t have to give me this. You keep it.
 Why?| The car was a gift, it was something you needed. I was happy to help you out.
 And I really appreciate it, but now I don’t need it, so here you go.| Well, this is silly, so you don’t need the car, but you could use it to buy yourself something else, like a new purse to put all this money in.
 Sweetie, I can buy my own stuff. I have a good job now.| I know, and I’m proud of you, but that doesn’t mean I can’t do something nice. Like this.
 Okay, I don’t want this to turn into a fight.| I don’t, either.
 Great. Thank you. Can you pass the salt, please?| Sure. In my mind, that broke the tension with comedy and led to sex.
 Hi. Sure.| I was hoping we could talk about the money again.
 Oh, sweetie, just forget about it.| No, no, no, no, hear me out. I know things got a little weird last night.
 Well, leaving an envelope full of cash on my dresser after sex would count as weird.| Well, I think I came up with a pretty good solution.
 Mm.| Why don’t we just put the money in a joint account? It’ll be our first money together. We can use it for the wedding, the honeymoon, whatever.
 You know what, that’s great. I love that.| Yeah, of course you do, I’m not just a genius in bed. You sure are, baby.
 You two want to be alone?| I want you to know I get why you don’t want the money, you’ve got this new job, you’re excited about being financially independent, and I am nothing but proud of you.
 Oh, thank you so much. It feels so good to hear you say that. And I want you to know that I get this job kind of changes the balance in our relationship, and I’m trying to be sensitive to that.| What?
 Well, I just think that maybe you’re a little hung up on the money because I’m less reliant on you now, and that’s a little scary.| Hmm. Maybe. Or maybe I tried to do something nice and maybe you had a problem with it because of your control issues.
 Control issues?| Maybe.
 Or, maybe now that I’m no longer an out-of-work actress who can’t pay for her own dinner, that makes you a little insecure.| Well, I can’t believe you’d say that. You know how insecure I am about my insecurities.
 You know what? I’m sorry. It’s stupid to fight over money.| Yeah, I’m sorry, too. We’re about to share the rest of our lives together. It’s our money, who cares who has it?
 I didn’t think they were going to. I just wanted to have a way to say no without hurting Leonard’s feelings.| Well, nailed it.
 For the tenth time, that was a Groupon.| Like I would swing with him.
 Oh, you’re saying I don’t do anything around here. Look at my chore chart.| She made him a chore chart.
 It’s not an allowance. It’s a stipend, and we said we weren’t gonna call it an allowance in front of my friends.| I usually don’t like lemon bars, but these, these are really good.
 Oh, don’t apologize.| Yeah. It just makes it a lot harder to pretend it never happened.
 Uh-oh.| What?
 Well, if I do well in sales, I could end up making a lot more money than you.| Not a problem. I grew up with a mother who emasculated my father financially and in every other aspect of his life, so really, it’s what I think love looks like.
 Maybe it’s a good thing we came here. It’s like a lesson in what not to do.| Yeah I don’t want something dumb like money to come between us.
 Okay, this is definitely the most fun thing we can do with the money.| I’ve never done it on a big old pile of cash before. Me neither, Leonard. It’s my first time, too.
 Making the extra effort. Good for you.| Great timing, food just got here.
 Ooh, Siam Palace?| Yes.
 Uh, mee krob and chicken satay?| Yes.
 Uh, extra peanut sauce?| No, but you can have mine.
 Eh, well, very well. Oh, and on the topic of sharing things that are yours, there is a gentleman caller bringing flowers to your fiancée as we speak.| What? Why didn’t you say that first?
 Why didn’t you get extra peanut sauce? We can both play this game.| Can I help you?
 Oh, hi. Uh, does Penny live here?| May I ask why?
 Well, uh, I met her at my office, she winked at me. And, uh, I came hoping to initiate a romantic relationship.| Okay, um, look, I’m pretty sure she didn’t wink at you.
 Oh, she did. Seductively, like this. And then she touched my arm for two Mississippis. Like, you know, one Mississippi, two…| I got it, I got it. Listen, um, I think there’s been a misunderstanding. See, Penny is my fiancée.
 So, am I to presume that her flirtation was just a sales technique?| I think so.
 When will I learn? It’s just like the cute girl at the pet store all over again.| Excuse me?
 Oh, uh, she touched my arm for five Mississippis, and I bought a two thousand dollar iguana habitat. Which she was always too busy to come over and see. You give these to Penny. You’re a, you’re a lucky man.| Thank you. Sorry.
 Hold on, Doctor. Leonard, where are your social skills? This man is clearly upset. We should invite him in for a hot beverage.| He tried to score with Penny.
 He was so happy after he passed it, he gave me a Terminator.| That is amazing. How long have you been collecting?
 Can I ask you a personal question?| Sure.
 Um, I mean, you’re a guy like me, so how’d you get a girl like Penny?| Oh. Well, you know, just being myself, really.
 Oh, please, you know, I’ll tell you how he did it. Implacable, relentless badgering. In urology terms, he was a drug-resistant staph infection. And she was a urethra that could not shake him.| I don’t know that I’d call myself an infection.
 A gallant man would defend his fiancée for being called a urethra.| Can we please change the subject?
 Really? Why?| Ah, that’s a good question. Apparently someone was being awfully flirty while not wearing their engagement ring, causing another someone to show up here thinking the first someone might be available.
 Oh. That’s why you were mumbling Mississippi.| Can we talk in private?
 Please, yes.| I’ll be right back.
 So what other celebrity genitalia have you handled?| So, uh, what’s the deal? You take off your ring when you go to work?
 What? No, no, I just put it on the other hand and turn it around. Keep that hand in my pocket.| Why?
 Well, what do you mean why? Look, I make more sales if these doctors think I’m single. I did the same kind of thing as a waitress. The real question is, what is he doing in your apartment?| Oh, he was upset. So Sheldon invited him in for a hot beverage.
 You were okay with that?| No. I got upset. And Sheldon made me a beverage, too.
 Okay, he just showed up at my door. Don’t you think that’s a little weird?| A little, but he’s basically harmless. He’s actually kind of a nice guy.
 Okay. Whatever, look, my company does not allow me to socialize with doctors outside of work. You got to get rid of him.| Why am I the one that has to get rid of him?
 I can’t do it, he’s my best client.| All right, I’ll get rid of him. But you owe me one.
 Hey, we’re going to Oliver’s house to see his collection. You want to go with us?| Yeah, sure. You owe me.
 Yeah, I’m not quite sure how to respond.| Wow, Donkey Kong. This, this was my game when I was a kid.
 Because it’s a story of a pretty blonde girl tirelessly pursued by a small, oddly-shaped man?| No, because I liked it.
 Leonard, as your friend I feel I should tell you something.| What?
 You fooled me with that goat at the petting zoo. You will not fool me again.| I wonder where Dr. Lorvis is. He’s been gone a while.
 Okay, now you’re messing with me.| Uh, guys, we’re locked in here.
 One ladder left.| Oh-hom yeah.
 Yes.| Next level.
 Leonard, are you okay?| Better than okay. I am having the game of my life.
 Yeah, that was very uncool. Get the hammer. Get the hammer.| Got it.
 Okay, Leonard, let’s go.| Just hang on.
 Oh, yeah, she loves that place. Every time they flip a shrimp in the air, she practically leaps out of her seat to catch it. That’s why I don’t take her to SeaWorld.| I know you-you don’t want to hear it, but she was there with Stuart.
 Like you and your dog.| Don’t rule out the dating.
 All the non-human apes are classified as great apes except one. That means taxonomists created the entire category of lesser ape just to single out the poor gibbon as the weird kid on the playground. Now there’s a hairy little fellow with a genuine beef.| But the gibbon doesn’t know what it’s categorized as. It doesn’t even know it’s called a gibbon.
 Hey.| Hey, where’s Bernadette?
 How come you’re not shopping with Amy and Bernadette?| Let me guess, you think the whole idea is lame?
 Well, who cares what I think? What do you think?| Hmm, to be honest, it’s kind of a dream come true to go to even a fake prom with a woman as beautiful as you.
 Ugh, thanks a lot.| What?
 Bruce Wayne doesn’t wear a clip-on.| Bruce Wayne doesn’t make his roommate tie it for him.
 His name is Alfred, and, yes, he does.| There, perfect.
 What, are you sure? It’s my first prom, I want to do it correctly.| I thought you were gonna pretend to be an alien.
 I was, but Penny didn’t want to. You didn’t want to. Bernadette, Amy, Koothrappali and Wolowitz didn’t want to. And even I knew it was weird to hire somebody.| Was that a flask?
 Yes. I’ve decided to embrace all of the traditions associated with prom, including spiking the punch.| You’re gonna put alcohol in the punch?
 Oh, no, this is pomegranate juice. It’s all the fun of high school high jinks with the cell-protecting zip of antioxidants.| If you had ripped jeans and a leather jacket, you’d be like the toughest kid on the Disney Channel. So, anything else planned for tonight?
 Oh, everything. Getting our picture taken, slow-dancing, being elected prom king. Pointing out that kings aren’t elected. It’s gonna be off the hook.| And while you’re at it, I know that at this age your hormones are raging, but just because all your friends are having sex doesn’t mean you have to.
 Why would you say that?| You know, ’cause, ’cause a lot of people lose their virginity on prom night.
 Penny implied the same thing. Is this true?| Just relax, it’s a joke. You don’t have hormones.
 What’s that?| Oh, it’s a scaly genital organ that grows between his shoulder blades. Try not to touch it when you’re dancing.
 I can’t do this. And for your information, Leonard, the upper flermin doesn’t grow between my shoulder blades, it grows out of the belly button on my neck.| He’s right, I was thinking of the lower flermin.
 Oh, it’s beautiful.| Oh, the girls really did a nice job.
 Aw, I know I wasn’t into this before, but I’m so glad I get to take you to your first prom.| What makes you think I didn’t go to my prom? I went.
 Well, who’d you go with?| I took a little lady I like to call loneliness.
 Aw.| Oh, it’s all right. We ended up having a threesome with her friend humiliation, so…
 Well, if I would have been there and saw you alone, I would’ve asked you to dance.| No, you wouldn’t have.
 Well, you don’t know that.| It was before my growth spurt.
 What, that already happened?| Very funny.
 Well, you wouldn’t have asked me either.| I would have asked you. In my head. On the way home. While I was having a good cry.
 Well, I might not have asked you to dance then, but I will ask you now.| There’s no music.
 I don’t care. We’ll make our own music.| My God, who’s the dork now? Thank you for wearing your flats.
 Thank you for wearing your heels.| Look at me. Dancing with the prettiest girl at the prom.
 Want to take a picture of us and send it to your old friends in the chess club?| I sent them a bikini shot of you years ago. This is nice. I kind of wish no one else was coming.
 Hey, how did it go?| Oh, not fun. The doctor shoved a camera up into my sinuses.
 Did they figure out what’s wrong?| Yeah. It’s a deviated septum. The surgery to correct it is simple. He’s gonna do it next week.
 Why would you have surgery?| Because I can’t breathe. I snore, I get sinus infections.
 Yes, for the first five or six years, but I’ve gotten used to it. It helps me sleep. He’s like my mucus-powered white noise machine.| Sheldon, I’m gonna get the surgery, it’s no big deal. End of story.
 Very well. I’m done talking about it.| Thank you.
 Let’s see. Oh, this person is most famous for never having gotten his nose mutilated with elective surgery and never living the rest of his life in the shadows as a hideous, disfigured freak.| I think you could give a better clue.
 I’m listening to you snore. I’m wondering how I’ll ever sleep without it.| If it helps you sleep, then why are you sitting here staring at me like the albino boogeyman?
 Really Leonard. Insults? After I spent two hours in your closet, waiting for you to fall asleep?| What’s your problem?
 If the surgery is successful, the snoring is gone. And if you die during surgery, the snoring is gone.| It sounds like either way, I finally get some rest.
 I have to be honest with you Leonard, I’m truly worried.| I told you, there’s nothing to worry about.
 Well, I’ve been doing some research and I’ve learned that one in 700,000 people die from general anaesthesia.| Buddy, wh, do you realize that that also means 699,999 people don’t die?
 Remember when I said if you went through with your surgery, there was a one-in-700,000 chance of dying?| Yeah?
 Well, I’ve been crunching the numbers, and so far, I’ve gotten your probability of death all the way to a sphincter-tightening one in 300.| Great timing. My check sphincter light just went on.
 Leonard, what if you have an allergic reaction to the surgeon’s latex gloves?| I’m not allergic to latex.
 Well, then why don’t you wear the rubber gloves I bought for you to do the dishes?| For the same reason I don’t wear the apron or the hair net.
 Fine. What about epilepsy?| I don’t have epilepsy, either.
 You don’t, but the surgeon might, hmm? And your carotid artery is just one shaky scalpel away from becoming the dancing fountain at Disneyland.| Sheldon, do you realize that driving is riskier than surgery?
 I do. I have the drive to the hospital right here. That is if you make it to the car without falling down the stairs. And don’t expect me to carry you, I do that enough in life.| Buddy, I, I get that you’re worried about me and I, I appreciate that, but I’m not going to die.
 You don’t know that.| Well, I do know that it won’t be from an asteroid strike.
 You know who else said that? Every cocky T. Rex currently swimming around in the gas tank of your car.| If there was an asteroid strike, wouldn’t you die, too?
 I don’t know, I’m smart and scrappy, I think I’d find a way.| Tell you what, the surgery’s not for a week, I’ll think about it.
 Okay. And Sheldon really believes we’re at a public swimming pool?| He was so busy figuring out how many parts per million of urine we’d be floating around in, he didn’t even question it.
 You know this is all your fault.| How is it my fault?
 I told you not to get the surgery.| Okay, first of all, the surgery was a success, and secondly, I didn’t even want you there.
 Yeah, ’cause you sound really funny.| Sheldon, I’m sorry I didn’t tell you about the surgery, but you were worried about nothing.
 Oh, you’re hardly out of the woods, no. You still run the risk of infection, a blood clot, the possibility that an inattentive surgeon let a barn spider lay eggs in your nose. The minute you sneeze web, I’m moving out.| I never thought I’d say these words, but come on, nose spider.
 I was not panicked, and I am not overly attached to Leonard.| You were so worried that you smashed your face trying to check on me. You love me.
 I can’t send it back, I had it engraved. Here lie the ashes of Leonard Hofstadter. He thought he was right, but his room mate knew better.”| That’s funny. Boy, I’m gonna miss these painkillers.
 Doesn’t Professor Abbott’s family want any of this stuff?| I don’t think he had a family.
 That’s rough.| I know. You can spend your whole life working, and at the end all that’s left are some papers in a box.
 Makes you think. Oh, well.| Hey. Hey, we’re supposed to look through all this stuff before we throw it away in case it’s important.
 Oh, my dad used to have a pen like that. I dated it all through sixth grade.| It still feels weird just throwing away his work like this.
 Don’t feel bad. Someday someone will be throwing out your work, too.| That someone was Sheldon, and the day was yesterday. Hey, look at this. Dear Roger, to be opened upon your first great discovery. Love, Mom. Wow, look at the date. He saved this fifty years and never got to open it.
 Wrong, smarty-pants. It’s Everything Is Awesome from The Lego Movie.| Look at these notebooks. They’re full of pages and pages of data. He clearly spent years on this.
 Mmm. It’s just columns of random numbers. Toss it.| Well, but what if this was a potential breakthrough for him? What if, what if this is the thing that would’ve finally let him open that bottle of champagne?
 Maybe he didn’t know what to pair champagne with. Strawberries, caviar, oysters. All good choices. Yeah, that look right there is why people eat before they come to your parties.| This has to mean something.
 Well, there’s no discernible pattern that I can see, but it shouldn’t be too hard to run the numbers and check.| Well, maybe we can get some time on the supercomputer.
 Sure. We could try multiple regressions with varying physical and experimental constants.| Oh, we could run a pattern-matching algorithm against well-known unsolved physics problems.
 Oh, let’s do that.| Because you don’t know how to do cryptanalysis, do you?
 Hold on. Can I help you?| Hi. We’re from the university. We’re trying to get some information about Professor Abbott.
 We were cleaning out his office and found these books full of numbers.| Any chance you know what it is?
 It’s the number of calories in a yoghurt. That’s his food diary.| Really?
 Sorry it’s not more interesting. On the bright side, you didn’t have to listen to his stomach growl for 35 years.| So, was there anything that Professor Abbott worked on during his life that came close to an accomplishment?
 And we still don’t know who framed him.| I still keep thinking about how an entire life can seemingly amount to nothing.
 I guess the sad truth is, not everyone will accomplish something great. Some of us may just have to find meaning in the little moments that make up life.| That’s a nice way of looking at it.
 Yeah for you, not for me. I went to space. I’m covered.| You know what? This bottle was meant to celebrate an achievement. Let’s make a pact. When one of us gets their first big breakthrough, we’ll celebrate by opening this bottle of champagne and toasting Professor Abbott.
 Yeah, me, too.| Then, of course, rubbing our success in Sheldon’s face.
 Hello.| How come you’re up so late?
 I posted the last episode of Fun with Flags hours ago, and not a single person cared enough to comment. All that effort for nothing.| Mm. I know how you feel. I spent the day throwing out a man’s entire career, and all that’s left is an old bottle of champagne and a naked lady pen that Raj took when he thought no one was looking.
 It’s not the same thing. I don’t think you know how I feel at all.| Sad?
 Hmm. You do get me. Someone left a comment.| Yeah. What did they say?
 Too bad your show is done. I kind of liked it. Leonard, did you hear that? Oh, the people are heartbroken. I can’t take this away from the world. Fun with Flags is back.| Congratulations.
 Let’s celebrate.| Sheldon, that wasn’t for you.
 I agree.| Why not?
 We should get going to Amy’s.| Can you believe there was a time when we would have needed an array of giant Cherenkov telescopes to detect cosmic particles? And here we are building our own multi-wire detector like a couple of badasses.
 I know. If we were still single, we’d be tripping over all that booty.| Ladies do love a man dressed like a kitchen garbage bag. Oh, no.
 How the hell did a pigeon get in here?| You shut the loading doors, right?
 I thought you did.| Do you know what a disaster this is?
 You mean ’cause this room isn’t supposed to have dust in it, and we just let in a flying crap machine?| What do we do? Should we call someone?
 And tell them that we compromised all the equipment? Let’s just get it out of here before anyone knows.| Okay, how do we catch it?
 Well, what if we turn off all the lights except for one, and it’ll come to it.| It’s not a moth.
 Don’t yell at me. You’re not gonna get any good ideas out of me if you’re yelling.| Okay, so if I remain calm, I’ll get more gems like turn off the lights?
 Okay, here’s the plan. I’m gonna put the food in the bag, and when he lands in the bag to eat it, we close it up.| A Slim Jim?
 It’s all I could find. It’ll work.| Sure. If the pigeon’s stoned or a trucker.
 Okay, well, what’s your plan?| I told you my plan. Let’s call Building Services and get help.
 And admit that we contaminated the clean room?| No, admit that you contaminated the clean room.
 Why do you keep assuming it was me?| Because you do this kind of thing all the time, and then you try to cover it up.
 Like when?| What about when you flipped the Mars Rover, or lost Koothrappali’s dog, or almost drove off with that baby?
 Again, it looked like my car, and the baby didn’t even cry until his mother punched me with her keys.| Fine, put the Slim Jim in the garbage bag.
 Well, what if you said it without sounding so condescending?| I can try, but your plan has the words garbage bag and Slim Jim in it.
 Hey, what’s going on?| Oh. Genius here wants to catch a bird with a garbage bag and a Slim Jim.
 You know what I think your problem is? You’re jealous because you and I used to be best friends until Koothrappali came along.| And you found somebody you could push around?
 I said, stay out of it.| No, no, no. No, Raj, go ahead, say what you were gonna say.
 Are you sure a dummy like me can handle something as complicated as a blanket?| Do you want the fire extinguisher?
 Yeah, I do.| Great. Here you go.
 Uh, you have to take the pin out.| You miss the blanket now, don’t you?
 It was an accident. Oh, my God. Oh, my God.| Relax, it wasn’t your fault.
 When I was ten, I was playing in my backyard and sat on a blue jay. I mean, I tried to bring it back to life with electricity, but it just caught on fire. The worst part was it smelled delicious.| Uh, guys, I found an article here that says you can do CPR on birds.
 Great. Do it.| I’m not doing it. You killed him, you do it.
 No. I need to do it. This is on me.| Okay. Mouth over beak and light chest compressions.
 Don’t blow too hard. If you pop him, I will vomit.| Anything?
 I am tasting a lot of Slim Jim.| Wait, wait, his wing moved.
 You were right. Go ahead, call Building Services. Tell them it was my fault.| No, we’re both to blame. You know, let me take the heat on this one.
 It’s kind of boring. Although it did get exciting for a minute when Amy inhaled a wool ball. How much longer do you think you’ll be?| I don’t know. There’s still a bird in here. We are gonna get in a ton of trouble.
 Honey, it’s Christmas Eve. Who even knows you’re in there?| No, our names are on the sign-in sheet.
 So erase them and walk out.| I can’t do that.
 Can’t do what?| She says take our names off the sign-in sheet and leave.
 We can’t do that.| Yeah.
 Oh, Sheldon, we didn’t bring any.| I thought you hate giving gifts.
 What colour would you like to be?| Well, I’d like to be green, but you know you always take it.
 That’s not true. Any colour’s fine with me. Yeah, I could be a-a combination of blue and yellow.| Blue and yellow make green.
 Sweetie, you really thought I’d want to do this?| No.
 Well, did you tell him that?| Yes.
 Did you say it out loud with words?| No.
 I will literally race you to the car.| No, no, no, come on, don’t leave. Just try it.
 You want to be green?| You know, they really have tried to like a lot of the same stuff we’re into.
 Yeah, today Amy and I are deciding what we’re all gonna do.| You got it, you girls are in charge.
 Fine. Now that we’re not playing, you can be green.| Thank you.
 Well, that’s Wilshire’s problem. Come on, you know, there, there’s got to be something fun we could do that the guys will hate.| Hang on, why do we have to hate it?
 Three words, Doctor Who convention.| I did not force you to go to that.
 You walked out of the house in a fez and bow tie. I went so you didn’t get beat up.| I wasn’t gonna get beat up.
 You know what you could make us do? Ice-skating. The cold air will trigger Leonard’s asthma and it plays right into my well-known fear of getting flattened by a Zamboni.| Now you’re helping them find ways to make us miserable?
 Because you always pick what we do and I just go along with it.| Ah, interesting, we’re being accused of making you do things you don’t like, and here you are, doing the same thing to poor Amy.
 You should point out the hypocrisy of that.| That’s what I was doing.
 You’re making it too complicated. Why not stick to the basics? Go shopping for clothes while Leonard and I sit in those uncomfortable chairs and hold your purses, hmm? I know I’d hate that. Leonard?| Well, yeah.
 Bye.| Uh, I’ve got some bad news. There’s no cell service in here.
 Oh. Well, that’s all right. There were plenty of ways to pass the time before smart phones were invented.| That’s true.
 I’ll look them up. Son of a biscuit.| Sheldon, it’s fine.
 Let’s see, my armies are going to attack the Shire from Buckland. And I roll a five and a three.| Okay. And to defend, I roll two sixes. I win.
 Boy, double-sixes again. You know, if I hadn’t seen it with my own eyes, I wouldn’t believe it. I wonder how long we’re gonna be stuck here.| I don’t know, but the girls do a lot for us. It’s the least we can do.
 Oh, that’s true. I suppose it’s only fair we make compromises.| Look at you, being all mature.
 I don’t know why you’re so surprised. If there’s one thing I know about after living with you for so many years, it’s how to compromise.| I, I’m sorry? You make compromises for me?
 All the time.| On Earth? In our lives? That, that, that we’re living?
 Oh, yes. I, just yesterday, you had a, a big piece of lettuce stuck in your teeth at lunch. Did I say anything? No. I compromised and kept my mouth shut. Like you should’ve, because everyone was laughing at you.| That is not a compromise. A compromise is me driving you everywhere because you refuse to learn how.
 Oh, I learned how. Amy taught me.| What? Then. then why don’t you do it?
 Oh, here’s another one. I wish that the apple pancake mix was on the top shelf because it starts with an A, but I don’t put it there because I don’t want you breaking one of your little legs when you’re supposed to be making my breakfast.| Is it my turn to talk about the compromises I make?
 I wasn’t done, but go ahead. He said, compromising.| Because of you, I’m not allowed to adjust the temperature in my own home. I’m not allowed to whistle. I don’t wear shoes that might squeak.
 Well, you’re a physicist, not a circus clown.| Sheldon, do you realize I don’t live with the woman I love because of you? No other reason. Just you.
 Is that true?| Yes, it’s true. The last time I brought it up, you had an emotional breakdown and got on a train and ran away.
 Well, given my history on the subject, t seems a little reckless to bring it up now.| You have no idea how much you inconvenience the lives of everyone around you. It’s exhausting.
 You know what? You think you’re so tolerant, but the truth is you’re mean to me a lot. Yeah, you think that I don’t notice all those sarcastic comments and those eye rolls, but I do. Hmm? I have excellent peripheral vision. On a good day, I can see my ears.| Sheldon, I, I’m sorry if I hurt your feelings. I’ve been holding a lot of this in for a while.
 Well, I’m sorry, too. And if you want to live with Penny, then I think you should.| Do you mean that?
 Yes. Yeah, just put on your squeaky shoes and eee-eee-eee your way out of my life.| Come on, don’t get upset.
 I’m not upset. I’m just imagining a world without my best friend in it.| Sheldon.
 It’s okay.| I’m not leaving your world. I’m just talking about living across the hall.
 I understand. Either way, I want you to know that I’m aware of how difficult I can be. So I just want to say thank you for putting up with me.| Buddy.
 How are you guys getting along? What? Why are there tears?| Everything’s fine. We just started talking about living arrangements.
 Well, what if you did it gradually?| All right. How about we start with two nights a week I live with Penny?
 How about one night and I let you whistle?| Okay.
 When I’m not home.| You got it.
 Very nice.| Yeah, it looks great.
 I know. I’m really proud of Sheldon.| Yeah, I’m proud of him, too.
 Before you leave, could you test these noise-cancelling headphones?| Yeah, sure.
 Okay. Go ahead.| Hello, can you hear me? Sheldon, I haven’t changed the filter in the water pitcher in two years.
 Uh, Bernadette’s nickname for you is the virgin piña colada.| Your George Lucas autograph is really a me autograph.
 Yeah, once I was too lazy to walk across the hall, so I used your toothbrush.| Ooh, and one time when you were asleep, Amy totally took off her… and that’s why you’re the best roommate ever.
 Is that why you had to take him to Office Depot last night?| I don’t want to talk about it. There, the place is all yours.
 And you thought it was soaping me up in the shower.| Bye.
 I’m not going to work today. And would you like to know why?| Ah, you’re upset because you spent the whole night working on dark matter and didn’t make a breakthrough, and now you’re worried you made a huge mistake switching fields, and you’re gonna sit around and sulk all day?
 Like a big old baby.| Call me if you need anything.
 I invented a game. You want to play?| Sure.
 I may not be liking this game so much.| Cinnamon. Give me another one.
 Okay, Emily or Cinnamon? Check it out, I got us matching sweaters.| We all got the Christmas card, Cinnamon.
 You know, a man can care deeply about a woman and a pet. It’s not strange.| Ooh, Emily. I heard him say that to Emily. Hey, I thought you were staying home.
 Oh, maybe I am. Who wouldn’t want to be the girl, or possibly dog, to hear the words you’re so lucky, you have the shiniest hair.| That is a tough one. Uh, I know he brushes both of them.
 Gentlemen, I have figured out the perfect way for you to irritate me. I’d like you to be my intellectual sparring partners. From now on, when I make an assertion, I need you to challenge it.| So you just want us to disagree with whatever you say?
 Oh, no, it will. See, by keeping my mind engaged, I’ll become more focused.| Howard’s right, that’ll never work.
 Why, of course it’s what I want. Why would I say it’s what I want if it’s not what I want?| Because it is what you want, and it’s not what you said.
 Oh. Uh, I need to keep my anxiety at the right level, so I’m using Darth Vader, the Joker, and Godzilla’s roar to keep me in that sweet spot. Uh, I tried including Taylor Swift in the mix, but turns out I love her.| Well, at least listen to it through headphones. I’m trying to sleep. Good night.
 Date night.| That can’t be much fun for Amy. You know, at work today, he tried his first Red Bull.
 What happened?| He chased a squirrel around the quad for a while and then threw up in my car.
 I don’t know, he’s not really hurting anybody.| You didn’t have to scoop vomit out of your glove compartment.
 Okay.| Here we are.
 Hey. What are you trying to pull? The president of science isn’t in here.| You lie down, he’ll be here in a minute.
 No, no, comfort is the enemy. You know what’s comfortable? Slippers and blankets and panda bears. Imagine a panda bear with Richard Feynman’s face on it. Warm up the car, Leonard, it’s poster time.| Maybe in the morning.
 Oh, I’m feeling much better. And I’ve also been continuing to make progress without artificially raising my anxiety levels.| I turned on the heat in my car and some vomit came out, so my levels, right up there.
 Hey, guys. Mind if Emily joins us for lunch?| Yeah, sure.
 So, tell me about your day, how’s it going with the particle detector?| Wow, you remember that?
 Yeah, I listen to what you say. You’re building a particle detector using superfluid helium.| You know, when you talk like that, I want to take you right here on this table.
 And you know from past experience this table cannot support both our weight. So, how’s the detector going?| Well, it’s tricky working with superfluids. Whatever container you put them in, they kind of creep up the sides and crawl out all on their own.
 Kind of like Sheldon’s ant farm.| Exactly, except you don’t have a lunatic running around, yelling, I fed you sugar water, why are you biting me? Come on, this is boring, you really want to talk about this?
 No, I do. I didn’t write superfluid helium on this napkin for nothing.| Okay, well, this is cool. Uh, there’s a thing called superfluid vacuum theory, where empty space is imagined as a superfluid with all of its qualities, viscosity, density, surface tension…
 Hey, if you’re pausing for dramatic effect, I’d keep it moving.| No, no. People don’t talk about surface tension. If you imagine our three-space as the surface of an N-dimensional superfluid bubble… This is exciting. This is really exciting. I have to go find Sheldon.
 Hmm.| What? Is it wrong? Have you seen it somewhere else?
 Hmm.| I know this isn’t my area, and I could never do the math like you can, but could this be something?
 Well, you could have set Newton’s gravitational constant to one. And, ugh, the whole thing reeks of blueberry. You know I can’t stand these scented markers.| No one told you to taste them. Come on, is, is this good or not?
 It’s good.| Really?
 I like it. I think you’re on to something.| You do? You’re not messing with me?
 Not at all. In fact, I have got something for just such an occasion. I was starting to think I might never get a chance to give it to you. Good job.| You’re giving me a sticker?
 Not just a sticker. That is a sticker of a kitty saying me-wow.| I’m not a preschooler.
 Fine, I’ll take it back.| I earned this. Back off.
 For a man whose last observation was our universe may be the surface of a multidimensional supercooled liquid, you’re still awake seems like quite the sophomore slump.| You worked out all the math.
 Oh, I did more than work out all the math. I wrote a paper.| You wrote a paper on my idea?
 I wrote a paper on our idea.| When did my idea become our idea?
 When I mixed it with Sheldony goodness and cooked it in the Easy-Bake oven of my mind.| This is good. Our idea is really good.
 Well, the lightbulb in this oven is ridiculously bright.| You know, if no one’s thought of this, yet, this could be a big deal.
 Only way we’ll know for sure is if we post it online to the pre-print server. I have it ready to go, but I wasn’t gonna do it without you.| Wow, it’s all happening so fast. Should we just sleep on it?
 We could, but we always run the risk of someone else beating us to the punch.| You’re sure it’s good?
 My name is right on there with yours. That is a surefire mark of quality. That might as well say directed by Joss Whedon.| Okay, partner, let’s do it.
 Come on. Click the mouse with me.| One, two three.
 Click.| Well, we did it.
 Yes, we did, my friend.| Is your tongue blue?
 Does it smell like blueberries?| No.
 Hey, your paper got mentioned on the Quantum Diaries physics blog.| Really? What’d they say?
 Uh, it’s basically a summary of the theory, but there’s a bunch of positive comments on the message board.| Let me see, let me see. One calls it insightful and innovative. We’re insightful and innovative.
 Oh, nice to meet you, Mr. Insightful.| Oh, the pleasure is mine, Mr. Innovative. Uh, another one says the concept shows some real out-of-the-box thinking. Do you hear that, Mr. Out-Of-The?
 Read another one.| Okay, okay. Uh, the analogy between space-time and a supercooled fluid is either meaningless or false. I wish this blog would devote itself to real science instead of wasting our time with crackpot wannabe theoreticians in a rush to publish.
 Who wrote that?| It’s anonymous, and user name General Relativity.
 Well, I’m responding to it.| Uh, don’t lower yourself to their level.
 Look, I am simply going to defend our work, scientist to scientist. And failing that, suggest that his mother enjoys a string of both human and non-human lovers.| Sheldon, my name’s on that paper, too. There’s no upside to doing this.
 What does it say?| Upon review, I’ve changed my mind about the Cooper-Hofstadter hypothesis that space-time is like a superfluid. In fact, it’s inspired me to come up with my own theory. Maybe space-time is like two clowns with their heads in a bucket, much like Cooper and Hofstadter.
 Can I respond now?| Do it.
 You mess with the bull, you get the horns. I’m about to show this guy just how horny I can be.| Somebody else do it.
 Hmm. No, not yet.| Well, maybe we shouldn’t have sunk to his level.
 It wasn’t that bad.| Read it back one more time.
 My good sir, we are neither crackpots nor wannabes. In fact, we are experts in our fields. And while you hide behind your anonymity, we stand behind our paper. And later tonight, your mother.| And you don’t think that’s too rough?
 He still hasn’t responded. What’s taking him so long?| Do you really want him to write back?
 Yeah, I do. Then no matter how he responds, I am going to destroy him with a picture of a bored cat saying oh, really?| Me-wow.
 And send.| What did you write?
 I’m done hiding from bullies. I’m taking this into the real world.| What does that mean?
 I told him we’ll meet him face-to-face anytime, anywhere.| Are you crazy? You don’t know who this person is. Delete that.
 Interesting. I can’t think of a single thing I wouldn’t say to someone’s face.| Never noticed that about you.
 He’s right. I say we call this person back. We’ve got no reason to hide.| All right, do it. Call him. Let’s find out what this loser’s ever accomplished.
 Oh, brother, you should see the look on your faces.| You really didn’t like our paper?
 If you were sitting in a chair for 40 years, you’d get bored, too. Anyway, got to go. I promised to help the neighbour kid with his maths homework. Ciao.| Stephen Hawking liked our paper. Said the premise is intriguing.
 Good to see you again, Mr. Stephen-Hawking Liked-Our-Paper.| And you as well, Mr. Our-Premise-Is-Intriguing.
 “What about the future?” asked Amelia. He looked deeply into her eyes and whispered, “There is no future without you.” He pulled her in close. She began to tremble all over. She felt his warm breath…| You will not believe what Stephen Hawking just said.
 You want me to stop reading?| Are you kidding? No, no.
 So, tell me, Cooper, are the ways of physical love different in the future?| Yeah, okay, I’m good.
 Thanks again for your help.| No problem.
 Our pleasure.| The place really looks great.
 I keep telling you I didn’t burn it down.| We know, we know, because burning something down for the insurance money is a crime.
 Your store? My mother gave you the money to reopen. I’m not going anywhere.| Why don’t we go get the food for the party.
 Smart, looks like we’re being helpful.| Mmm, when really we’re just exiting an uncomfortable situation.
 Dude, I, I think that’s Nathan Fillion.| Oh yeah, look at that.
 And he’s picking the tomatoes out of his salad just like I do. I always did feel a connection with him. Oh, I have got an idea.| We’re not selling his tomatoes on eBay.
 No, if we got Captain Reynolds from Firefly to do a signing at Stuart’s store, that would be amazing.| That would be great.
 So should we go talk to him?| I don’t know. I mean, if he’s not nice, it’s gonna make it hard for me to watch him in anything again.
 What? The, the guy who plays Jon Snow was a jerk. We still watch Game of Thrones.| He was a jerk because you rear-ended him.
 Oh, yeah, I get it, you think I’m Nathan Fillion, but I’m not. So if you don’t mind, I would just love to eat my lunch.| Come on. Sorry to bother you.
 Thanks.| Sorry again.
 I just wanted to eat my lunch in peace. But I really am him. And thank you very much for being a fan. If you want, uh, let’s take a picture.| That would be great.
 Great.| Yeah, thank you.
 I swear by my pretty floral bonnet, I will end you.| That’s it, that’s the line.
 How about a picture with a guy who looks like Nathan Fillion but a little more annoyed than Nathan Fillion usually is?| What do you think?
 I know, it’s so insulting. At one point, they had me figure out how to get a banana out of a puzzle box.| Wait, Sheldon gave me a banana in a box. He was testing me, too.
 Unbelievable.| And how could a chimp even solve that? That was impossible.
 Wow, the store looks great.| So you guys were testing us both? What is the matter with you?
 No, Stuart picked out those throw pillows all on his own.| Hey, you okay?
 No.| What’s wrong?
 Oh, my God, Howie.| I’m so sorry.
 May I say something?| Not right now, Sheldon.
 But I think it would be comforting.| Buddy.
 He’s hanging in there.| How are you doing, Stuart?
 I didn’t care for her yelling. But now that I’m not going to hear it again, I’m sad.| If you want, I can yell at you later.
 It won’t be as good.| Let’s have a toast. To Mrs. Wolowitz. A loving mother to all of us. We’ll miss you.
 I just read about an experiment designed to see if you could make two people fall in love in a matter of hours.| That doesn’t sound right. My research has shown that it takes three to five years of shameless begging.
 What? I don’t need science to win her heart. I have my family’s wealth for that.| I’m telling you, you can’t create love in a few hours. Right?
 Please, can I do it with him? Please?| I’ve been listening to Sheldon’s feelings on things for ten years. Tag, you’re it.
 Uh, fun fact, pontificate comes from the Latin word pontifex, which means bridge builder or Pope.| In love yet?
 Well, that’s what the bullies at Bruce Lee’s high school thought. And then, bam. Karate.| Well, are we just gonna sit here while they do the experiment?
 The two of us could do it.| Yeah, sure, that might be fun.
 Hang on. Okay. Given the choice of anyone in the world, whom would you want as a dinner guest?| Hmm. I can honestly say Penny.
 Oh, then I choose a janitor, ’cause I’m about to throw up.| I’m in love. Let’s do something else.
 Ooh, uh, Emily gets off work soon. Why don’t the four of us go out?| Okay.
 Sounds good.| Should we call Howard and Bernadette?
 Ooh, have you ever been to an escape room?| What’s that?
 You’re about to enter the lab of the late Dr. David Saltzberg. While conducting studies on slowing the aging process, there was a catastrophic accident and he died. Or did he?| Ladies?
 Are you being polite or scared?| Yup.
 Oh.| This is cool.
 We used the coordinates to locate the cities.| I’m putting the city names in the grid now. I’m sure that’ll give us the code to the safe.
 Solve puzzle too fast! Slow down!| Yup. Got the code.
 Uh, Origin of Species.| Here it is. There’s a black light.
 Ooh. There’s a picture of the sun over there.| I bet the key’s behind it.
 So, that’s the key to the door? That’s it?| We spent two hundred dollars on six minutes of fun?
 Again, it was miniature golf.| Admit it, you’re a little turned on.
 You can’t be this proud.| Why not?
 Because I beat you.| Hey.
 We have some exciting news.| Okay.
 After a careful evaluation of our relationship, we decided that the time was right to take a step forward.| Okay.
 Okay. That was tricky, ’cause when it comes to alcohol, she generally means business.| Well, we’re, we’re very happy for you.
 No. It’s true. It means that we care so much about each other, there’s enough left over for an eight-ounce reptile.| Why a turtle?
 Yeah. And if he ever goes berserk, I know I can outrun him. Coincidentally, that’s also why I chose you as a roommate.| Well, congratulations. Who would’ve thought you two would be the first in our group to start a family?
 Aw, is this your first time?| No, I got you something for Valentine’s Day, and I was too embarrassed to give it to you.
 Well, why?| Well, ’cause I got it at the dirty store.
 You went to the dirty store without me?| In sunglasses and a hat after I parked two blocks away.
 Well, get it. Get it for me.| Yeah?
 Yeah.| Okay, uh, well, I hope it’s fun. I mean, it, it comes with paints, and, and it’s kind of creative and artistic.
 Okay, did you go to the dirty store or Michaels?| No, no. We cover ourselves in body paint, and then, then we get on this big canvas and do our thing.
 Whoa, that’s kind of a big step for a guy who only recently agreed to take his socks off.| You’re making fun of me. Forget it.
 No. No, come on, I want to do it.| Really?
 Yeah, let’s you, me, and your very, very pale feet make some art. Hey, when you got back to this store, I want to go with you.| Okay, but it’s a drive, the one I went to is in San Diego.
 So what do you think?| I thought it’d be a little more, just more.
 I’m not even sure why we were out of breath. Uh, I mean, did we move at all?| Maybe along the z-axis, but x and y are looking pretty sad.
 Okay, come on. We are not old boring people. We can do better than this.| Uh, Th, that’s true. How late did we stay up last night?
 Almost 1am.| Damn straight, almost 1am. And we weren’t even watching TV. We were watching Netflix, like the kids do.
 Yeah, is it a comedy? Is it a drama? Nobody knows. Now, come on. We are gonna do this.| Yeah. You get the paint, I’ll rest for 30 to 40 minutes, and then we do this.
 How did you get paint in your eye?| Because you wouldn’t let me wear safety goggles.
 We sure did.| I mean, I was on fire. I, I was in the zone, like an athlete.
 Sweetie, I beat you at this, too.| So, where do we want to hang it?
 What? Are you kidding? We’re not hanging it.| But it’s an expression of our love.
 And our butts. Not hanging it.| Seems a shame to throw it away.
 Yeah. We could give it to Sheldon, and tell him William Shatner painted it.| God, I love you. I love you so much.
 Leonard? Have you ever noticed that only my name is on the cable bill?| Yeah.
 Good, good. And your name is on the electric bill and mine isn’t. And I’m okay with that.| Actually, your name is on the electric bill.
 Oh, right. This is a disaster.| I don’t even know what you’re talking about and I agree.
 Okay, I have to tell you something, but you’re not going to like it.| What’s going on?
 An article was just published in Scientific American about our theory.| Did they hate it?
 No. No, they loved it. They, uh, couldn’t say enough nice things about it.| So what’s the problem?
 You know how the PennySaver only has my name…| Sheldon.
 They didn’t mention you in the article. Only me.| Really?
 I know. It’s not fair. Let the anger go, buddy. You just, you relax all your muscles. Except for your pubococcygeus and anal sphincter. Let’s keep those tight.| Uh, that, that’s not necessary.
 It is. They’re what hold back the urine and the faeces. Look, maybe, maybe you shouldn’t read it. It’ll only make you feel worse.| Cooper and his team?
 You should know I had nothing to do with that.| Uh, at least they’re talking about the theory. I mean, that’s what’s important.
 You know, you’re right. Yeah. You know, it’s like when Stan Lee and Steve Ditko created Spider-Man. Stan Lee may get all the credit, but Steve Ditko knows he was just as important. Even though Stan Lee gets to be in all the Marvel movies. And. and he’s far richer. And he’s a household name, you know? Whereas, you know, you say Ditko, and that sounds like a company that makes Dits.| That’s not helping.
 I mean, who even reads Scientific American?| It’s kind of a big deal.
 If it’s such a big deal, how come the biggest celebrity they could get for the cover is a molecule?| Can we please just stop talking about it?
 I’m sorry. What can I do?| Nothing, I’m fine.
 No, no. I’m gonna cheer you up. Here we go.| What are we doing?
 I am taking you shopping.| Oh.
 My baby is sad, and I’m gonna make him happy again.| Look, I know shopping cheers you up, but it’s just not really my thing.
 Well, what about this helicopter you control with an iPad?| Does it have a camera in it?
 It does have a camera in it.| Baby’s listening.
 I spoke to the reporter at the magazine.| What happened? Did you tell him it was my idea?
 I did.| Thank you. What did he say?
 He said they made the editorial decision to only cite the lead scientist.| Why did he think you’re the lead scientist? It was my idea.
 You know what? I did it. What’s four bucks?| If you’re trying to make me feel better, it’s not working.
 Well then what if I told you that I added your name to the cable bill?| No.
 Well, didn’t he do a lot of the work?| Yeah. But now he’s happy to let people think he’s responsible for everything.
 I know, I know.| I swear, he is never ever playing with my helicopter.
 Glad you guys could make it.| Of course.
 Yeah, turns out half a dozen menorahs really sets a mood.| So, Stuart, have you thought about what you’d do if Howard sells the house?
 Hi. Hello. Oh, and a special hello to Leonard, who needs to be mentioned by name.| Subtle.
 Yes, so please behave yourselves.| Fine.
 I don’t believe it matters what the topic is. What’s crucial for a salon is that we conduct the discussion in an elevated and insightful way. It’s all about the execution.| Of course you’d focus on that rather than the inspiration. Uh, new salon topic. What’s more important, an idea or its execution?
 Guys.| No, it’s okay. We’re all adults trying to have an intelligent discussion. At least I am. Howard, what do you think?
 Well said, old chap. I thought eloquence had died, here it stands before us. Starting today, it’ll go Gettysburg Address, I have a dream, and what he just said.| Oh, now he’s a genius? All you ever do is make fun of him and engineering.
 Leonard, please. His mother just died.| You’re being ridiculous.
 Leonard, lots of people could’ve had that idea, but very few people could’ve worked out the math the way I did.| Lots of people also didn’t have that idea, like everyone in the entire world except for me.
 Hey, you already ruined Thor, give it a rest.| So I’m just supposed to be okay with you hogging all the credit?
 I didn’t hog anything. Unlike you and that weird lasagna with raisins in it.| You want some of this? I’ll give you some.
 So glad you two are done fighting.| Right now, I’m just trying to burp without throwing up.
 Leonard, I’ve been working on an opening joke for our lecture at Berkeley.| Oh, I like to laugh. But say it anyway.
 PRK?| Public restroom kit. Everything a boy needs for making pee pee in new and strange places.
 I don’t see what’s crazy about bringing a backpack with your own toilet paper and Purell.| Keep going.
 Would you like to play a physics car game I invented called I Can’t Spy? It’s all the nail-biting tension of I Spy but the added fun of subatomic particles and waves outside the visible spectrum.| If it’s half as much fun as One Times Ten to the Fourth Bottles of Beer on the Wall, I’m in.
 I’ll begin. Uh, I can’t spy with my little eye something passing right through us.| That soy Frappuccino I had.
 Will you please play the game? I can’t spy with my little eye something passing right through us.| I don’t know, um, if 65 billion solar neutrinos pass through a square centimetre every second, given the surface area of this car is about 60,000 square centimetres, that means 3.9 times ten to the 15th solar neutrinos?
 I don’t want to play anymore.| We haven’t been on a road trip in a while. This is fun.
 We get it, you won the game. Stop bragging.| No, listen, we wrote a paper together. Now we get to go to a university and talk about it? That’s pretty cool.
 I suppose it is. In fact, if you’d like to celebrate with a little music, I’d be okay with that.| What? This road trip just got crazy.
 Play that funky music, white boy.| I’m surprised you know that reference.
 So they’re requesting that the white boy play the funky music, yes?| Yes.
 And this music we’re listening to right now is funky as well?| Sure.
 Let me ask you this. Do you think this song is the music the white boy ultimately plays?| It could be.
 So it’s like the musical equivalent of Russell’s Paradox, the question of whether the set of all sets that don’t contain themselves as members contains itself?| Exactly.
 Well then I hate it. Music should just be fun.| Making great time. Gonna be there pretty early.
 Will our hotel room be ready?| I doubt it.
 Aren’t you worried that sitting in the lobby for a long period of time might attract the attention of the hotel detective?| If we do, we’ll just tell him to hit the bricks, see?
 Seems a little confrontational, but all right. You know, we won’t be very far from Skywalker Ranch.| Oh, that’s true. It’s not like we can get in there.
 Why not?| I don’t think George Lucas put his headquarters in the middle of nowhere because he wanted people dropping in.
 Yoda’s swamp was in the middle of nowhere. Tatooine was in the middle of nowhere. Hoth was in the middle of nowhere. That’s code, Leonard. He wants us to drop in.| We do have time. I mean, we could drive by and just look at it.
 Yes. Oh, I’m so excited. And I just can’t hide it.| I’m about to lose control, and I think I like it.
 There it is. It’s just a gate. On a road.| Wasn’t even that hard to find.
 This is so amazing.| I know. You want to get a picture?
 I want more than a picture. I want to go in.| Well, so do I, but they’ll never let us.
 Is that the attitude that helped you get Penny?| No, but I don’t have three years to make that gate feel sorry for me.
 There’s a speaker box. Drive up, push the button, and let’s see what happens.| Okay, yeah. What do we have to lose? I’m a little nervous.
 Well, get over it. Confidence is key in these situations.| Right.
 May I help you?| Um, uh, uh, uh, we don’t have an appointment, and, and we don’t belong here, but we, we’re, like, crazy-big fans. I mean uh, buh, buh, crazy for Star Wars crazy, not crazy like we have a backpack full of duct tape, although we do have a backpack that you really don’t want to look in.
 Hello? This speaker’s not working, just pull up.| And that’s how it’s done.
 All right, we’ve defeated the first challenge. Now we must steel ourselves to face the monster who defends the gate.| We’re trying to get past a security guard, not rescue Zelda.
 I think what really needs to be rescued is your sense of whimsy, but one quest at a time. So what’s the plan?| Uh, I’m just gonna be honest with the guy.
 Honesty will never get us in.| Well, what’s your plan?
 Who are you here to see?| Uh, I’m just gonna tell you the truth.
 Oh, you are killing me.| We don’t have an appointment. We, we’re just fans of Mr. Lucas’s work, and we thought we’d take a shot and see if we could get in and look around.
 What if I told you that I was the voice of Yoda? A recording session I must attend.| I’m sorry, don’t listen to him. We’re actually physicists. We’re giving a lecture at Berkeley later today. We just, we had some time to kill.
 Hey, listen, you seem like decent guys. I can’t let you in, but I got some hats and T-shirts I can give you.| Thank you so much. See? Maybe honesty is the best… What are you doing?
 Do you think they’re gonna call the police?| I don’t know. Maybe they’ll call Imperial Officers to take us to a holding cell on the Death Star.
 Oh, I think that’s below the pay grade of an Imperial Officer. Stormtroopers are really the ones who…| Oh, shut up.
 All right, I talked to my supervisor, and we’re gonna let you go with a warning. But if you ever come back, we will call the police and press charges.| We understand. Thank you so much.
 Are you still mad at me?| Yes, we missed our lecture, we were almost arrested, and you got me locked in a room with a man who forced his tongue down the throat of a stuffed Wookiee.
 Boy, some people are just glass-half-empty.| The glass is empty, Sheldon. It’s completely empty. If you gave that glass to a man who was dying of thirst, he would be dead, do you know why?
 Before I answer, was he a smoker? I think you’re looking at this all wrong.| Fine, then tell me how I should be looking at it.
 Well, not only did we go to Skywalker Ranch, we got in. And no one we know can say that. And for all the times you find me irritating, today you got to watch someone shoot me with a Taser.| That part was pretty good.
 See?| You did flop around a lot.
 I’ll take your word for it. I was too busy trying not to defecate.| You know, when they were escorting us to the detaining room, I looked through a door, and I’m pretty sure I saw a display case with the Ark of the Covenant.
 That’s amazing.| I know.
 And I saw Jabba the Hutt riding by on a motorcycle. Although that was right after the Tasing, so who can say for sure?| I guess this could count as an adventure.
 No, I’m not. Settle this. Those little animated pictures on the Internet, are they called gifs or jifs?| Well, the G stands for graphics. That’s a hard G, so I’d say gif.
 I guess news travels fast. It’s true, a select group of scientists was invited to a weekend symposium at a former home of Richard Feynman, and I wasn’t included.| Oh, Sheldon, I’m sure it’s not because they don’t think you’re an elite scientist.
 You’re just saying that to make me feel better.| Look, you can spend the rest of the day being bitter about this.
 Agreed.| I was gonna say or, but why bother?
 Oh, it’s cool, I’ve never been on a podcast before.| Well, you picked a good one to start. Wil’s had lots of great guests. Jonathan Frakes, Brent Spiner, Michael Dorn, Gates McFadden.
 Those are Star Trek people.| Yes.
 Okay, so, this is basically gonna be just like a little talk show. Uh, we’re gonna take some calls, we’ll talk about what it was like on the set of Serial Ape-ist 2. It should be really fun.| This is exciting.
 Uh, spoiler alert, after the monkey sees, it kills.| Psst.
 I’ve just been handed a note. I’m going to read it. Wil, do you want more Diet Coke? Also, we have juice.| I, I didn’t want to interrupt.
 Uh, that voice you just heard belongs to Leonard, Penny’s fiancé. Uh, Leonard, why don’t you grab some headphones and join us?| Really?
 Yeah.| Hey, great.
 Yeah. I was at a science-fiction convention, and I saw a woman dressed as your half-ape character.| Oh, if she was with an Indian guy dressed like a banana, that was just my friends, Howard and Raj.
 Hey, Kevin. It’s really exciting to talk to you.| It really is.
 Oh, my, I would love that.| You have a new job.
 Well, maybe I can do both.| I don’t think you can do both.
 Yeah, you tell him, Penny.| Stay out of it, Kevin Smith.
 So, for those of you just tuning in, we are listening to a really fun fight between my co-star…| No, no, no. We’re not fighting, we’re just having a conversation.
 All right. We’re listening to a really fun conversation between my co-star from Serial Ape-ist 2 and her fiancé, who doesn’t believe women should have dreams.| Give me back that juice.
 What is the harm if I audition?| Well, what if you get it?
 I don’t know, I make a movie, become rich and famous, win an Oscar, a Golden Globe and live an incredibly wonderful life.| From a Kevin Smith movie?
 Thanks a lot.| I’m just trying to protect you. How many times did I see you get your heart broken trying to make it as an actress?
 Okay, instead of protecting me, why don’t you try being excited when something good happens?| I’m always excited for you. I’m excited that you found this new job where you’re making decent money.
 Decent? I make twice what you make.| Wait, twice?
 Yeah.| Like, times two twice?
 For those of you at home, Leonard just found out his fiancée makes way more money than he does. Let’s listen.| I went to school for half my life. I have a doctorate. I’m still paying off college loans.
 Well, how much do you owe? Maybe I can help you out.| Wil, can we just turn off the podcast for a little bit?
 In a safe place.| What does that mean, under your bed?
 No, it means a diversified portfolio of stocks and bonds. I’m not overly conservative. I’m young, so my guy said I can afford to take some risks.| Wait a minute, you have a guy?
 Don’t you have a guy?| Why would I have a guy? I don’t have any money.
 For those of you listening at home, how great is this?| Wil, I’m begging you, just please turn that off.
 Leonard, why are you making such a big deal out of this? So our roles have changed a bit over the last couple years. This is the way life is. And I’m sure in time they’ll change again.| Great, you’re not only more successful than me, now you’re more mature.
 Okay, look, would it make you feel better if I did something dumb like sneak out of work one day to go audition for a Kevin Smith movie?| That would be great, thank you.
 I’m just gonna jump in here real quick. Leonard, a moment ago, you were dead set against Penny resuming her acting career, but now you’re all for it. Is it fair to say that she played you like a violin?| Yes, it is, Wil.
 We built a fort.| Are those my sheets?
 Yes, they are.| Okay. Well, you kids have fun. I’m gonna go to sleep.
 Well, Leonard, don’t you want to see the inside of the fort?| Yeah, I’m good.
 Oh, come on. I really wanted to tell someone they can’t come in.| Okay, fine. Sheldon, may I please visit your fort?
 I want to say no, but it’s too glorious. Get in here.| Thank you.
 Sure.| Really?
 There was a scientist who had a theory and James Clerk Maxwell was his name-o. J-A-M-E-S, C-L-E-R-K space M-A-X-W-E-L-L, And James Clerk Maxwell was his name-o. There was a scientist who had a theory and James Clerk Maxwell was his name-o, A-M-E-S…| Uh, okay, okay. Uh, we, we get it.
 Perhaps you’d prefer this one. The itsy bitsy spider is not an insect at all, because it haseight legs and two body parts.| That’s pretty cool, Sheldon.
 Hey.| Hey.
 You guys know the new Discovery class missions that NASA’s been working on?| Yeah.
 Well, they’re looking to include a message from Earth in case one of them is encountered by alien life.| Oh. When I encountered alien life, I discovered that the key thing was not to sit in its spot.
 Good for you.| Congratulations.
 And I was wondering if any of you guys would like to help me do it.| Are you kidding? Yes. What did you have in mind?
 Exactly what I expected. Two people forcing their ideas on me and only one gentleman who could be bothered to ask me what my thoughts were. You two are out. Congratulations, Leonard, you’re on the team.| My mommy raised a gentleman.
 Hey. Thanks for coming by.| Yeah. I’m excited to help.
 I would have included the others, but you know exactly what would’ve happened. They would’ve taken over the project and bossed us around.| I get it. Uh, just this morning, Sheldon wouldn’t let me put almond milk on my Grape-Nuts because he said it was a theoretical nut conflict.
 You should have told him to mind his own business.| Yeah. That’s better than what I did say, which was, fine, I’ll eat them with club soda.
 What makes them think they’re always in charge of everything?| Mmm, they’re alpha males.
 Huh, what does that make us?| We could be betas. They’re second in charge.
 Okay, that sounds good.| Or we could be omegas. They get pushed around by the alphas and the betas.
 Okay, that sounds like us.| Whatever. There’s no alphas here, and this is your project. You’re in charge. How do you want to start?
 I don’t know. How do you want to start?| I don’t know. Should we call Sheldon and Howard?
 No. We can do this by ourselves.| Okay. Great. How do you want to start?
 Okay, so we know that previous attempts to send a message into space, like the Golden Record on Voyager, were heavily criticized.| Well, aliens could only play the Golden Record if they figured out how to build a record player.
 Eh. Although, to be fair, I watched E.T. build a telephone out of a Speak & Spell and an umbrella. Dude was like a little brown MacGyver.| That would be more helpful if E.T. were real.
 Well, my feelings were real when he was about to die.| My God, when he’s on the table and they use the paddles on him.
 And he’s all white.| They zip him up in that bag.
 And Gertie can’t stop crying.| The flower dies.
 Okay, let’s talk about something else.| All right, so it sounds like we need a way to communicate that’s simple.
 And doesn’t require outside machinery to be built to access it.| It’s also a problem because we don’t even know if the aliens who find this can see. I mean, they might communicate in a totally different way than us.
 Like when my dog is mad at me, she tells me by peeing in my slippers.| That’s actually a valid example. Animals do deliver messages through scent.
 Bees talk to each other by dancing. Whales have their songs.| Yeah. Penny has about twenty different ways of rolling her eyes that each mean something different.
 Okay, so, what it sounds like is, what we want is a device that can deliver a message through not only sight, but other senses, as well.| The most basic sense that any space-faring civilization would have to possess is touch.
 Ooh. Ooh, ooh. We could make a video-playing device that simultaneously translates the information into a tactile medium.| All we have to do is rig up a 3-D communication system.
 We, we can totally do that.| I know.
 This is great.| Yeah, you know what else it is?
 You didn’t let me finish. And also regarding the bat, it has sonar.| Hey.
 I’m sorry. I was trying to think of what rhymes with nose of the aardvark.| We want you back on the project with us.
 Sure.| Great. Now that we’re all on the same page, let’s get together tonight and work on it.
 Uh, building on that, we should order dinner.| How is that building on what he just said?
 Building on building on that, there’s a new build-your-own pizza place on Colorado.| Building on that, I’d like to remind you, I’m lactose intolerant.
 Bah, you didn’t say building on. You’re out.| It’s not Simon Says.
 Yeah, I never cared for that. It’s advertising to predator races just how soft and squishy we are.| Squeeze yourself.
 It’s not always.| What about when we went to Comic-Con and dressed like Jabba the Hutt? You got to be Jabba’s head, and I got to be his fat slug butt.
 We looked great.| You let a guy sit on me.
 He was dressed as Princess Leia. It made a nice picture.| I’m just saying, sometimes Raj and I feel pushed aside.
 Oh, I recommend that, too. That was a magical experience.| Wait a minute. Sheldon spent a whole day with James Earl Jones and never told any of us.
 I sure did. Oh, my goodness. Well, from Jabba’s head to ice cream with Darth Vader, I’m having a heck of a ride. Yeah, look, clearly, good things happen when I’m in charge. Now, why don’t you boys step aside, let me knock this project out?| Sheldon, you’re not in charge. Raj is in charge.
 Nice. Where were you when I was single?| Okay, we should leave in about an hour. You all packed?
 Leonard, have you ever given a high school commencement speech before?| Nope. It’s pretty exciting.
 Aren’t you afraid of being blinded?| How would I be blinded?
 At the end of the ceremony, all the students throw those pointy hats in the air. It’s all pomp and circumstance until someone loses an eye.| I’ll take my chances.
 I think it’s really nice that you’re sharing this experience with Penny.| Mm, I thought it’d be fun to show her my old stomping grounds. I even know the exact spot where they used to stomp me.
 Oh, I pack light. Once, I got through an entire spring break with nothing but a long T-shirt and a belt.| Why did you need a belt?
 It’s called an evening look. I’ve never been to New Jersey before.| It gets a bad rap from shows like Jersey Shore and Real Housewives.
 So it’s not really like that?| No, it’s like that. Well, I’m excited to show you around.
 What?| Yeah, looks like there’s a big storm all up the East Coast.
 Well, can we get on another airline?| I don’t think so.
 So, that’s it? We’re not going?| I guess not.
 Well, that sucks.| Yeah. I worked hard on that speech, too.
 Oh. You could tell it to me.| Oh, thank you, but I’m okay.
 Are you sure? I could pretend I’m a high school cheerleader who can’t control herself around esteemed alumni.| Greetings, distinguished cheerleaders.
 Hi.| Hey, where’d you go?
 I got you a little something to cheer you up.| Really? Sex last night, pancakes this morning, am I dying?
 Just open it.| A cap and gown? Why do I need a cap and gown?
 Because you are giving your commencement speech.| What are you talking about?
 I called your old high school and convinced them to let you give your speech over Skype.| Really? That’s amazing. And you gave me the robes to give it in. Thank you.
 Yeah, now about those, uh, they came from a costume shop, and all they had left was sexy graduate, so they might be a little short.| Short and sexy, that’s my wheelhouse.
 What’s taking so long?| I don’t think this is gonna work.
 Just let me see. Sweetie, you know you’re supposed to wear clothes underneath a graduation gown.| A, surprised you know that. B, I wanted to look like a sexy graduate for you.
 Oh. Well, you do.| Thank you.
 Yeah. You’re gonna be on Skype, they’re not gonna see your legs.| Well, I’m gonna go put on some pants just in case. But I have to say, this is very freeing.
 Add a belt and I’ll take you some place nice.| Oh. Done and done.
 Oh. Hello. I, I didn’t know he was gonna point it at me, so, don’t do drugs and stay in school.| They’re graduating.
 I’ll, I’ll tell you later.| My point is, while you’re spending all this time on your own, building computers or practicing your cello, what you’re really doing is becoming interesting. And when people finally do notice you, they’re gonna find someone a lot cooler than they thought. And for those of you who were popular in high school, it’s over, sorry. Thank you and congratulations.
 Leonard, what time does your mom’s plane get in?| I don’t know, some time tomorrow morning.
 Don’t you want to know for sure?| No need to. As soon as she flies into California airspace, I’ll feel a disturbance in the Force.
 You know, your mom’s never been too thrilled with our relationship. Maybe I should get her something so she warms up to me.| If you could run out and get a PhD, that might make her like you.
 Do you think the moms will get along?| Uh, I don’t know. They’re pretty different.
 So, have you and Penny set a wedding date?| No, we’re kind of taking it slow.
 I see.| What does that mean?
 You’ve been on and off with this woman for seven years and engaged for one year. One has to wonder if there’s a problem. Are you having satisfactory intercourse?| Yes, Mother.
 Only satisfactory. I see.| I change my answer. It, it’s amazing. It’s hot. We can barely keep our hands off each other.
 Seems odd to try and impress your mother with your sexual prowess. But then, you always did have that unresolved Oedipal complex.| See, this right here, what you’re doing, can you please not do that around Sheldon’s mom?
 Why? Are you attracted to her, too?| Of course not. She’s, she’s just a very sweet and God-fearing lady, and you have to be respectful of her beliefs.
 Leonard, I’m an adult. I know how to conduct myself around people from different walks of life.| Thank you.
 Where is she from again?| East Texas.
 Ugh.| Hey, look who’s here.
 Oh, thank you.| We just spent two hours in traffic. Did you think to mention to me that you liked our paper?
 Of course I did, but it’s a mother’s job to make sure her child’s self-esteem is not dependent on anyone’s approval.| That’s so sweet, you think I have self-esteem.
 You’re kidding, right?| Subtle, mom, real subtle.
 Beverly, would you like to see the math I worked out to support our hypothesis?| You mean, my hypothesis. I hypothesized it all by myself.
 I was a handful.| You still are. Uh, Mom, hey, tell Mary the story about how I made a Van der Graaf generator out of our vacuum cleaner.
 Ah, yeah, now that’s what I’m talking about.| So, Mom, you haven’t seen Penny since we got engaged.
 Oh, no, not at all. No, we, uh, found a place online that, uh, repurposes diamond drill bits.| We did not. That’s not true. Can I speak to you alone for a second?
 Oh, sure.| It came from Tiffany’s.
 You mean the box, right?| Keep walking.
 Did I misspeak about the ring?| Yes, and we’ll get back to that. But, uh, even with your mother here, you are deliberately hogging all the attention from my mom. You’re like one of those elephant seal pups that steals the milk from two mothers.
 Do you mean what marine biologists refer to as super weaning?| Yes, you are a super weaner.
 Well, now I have to correct you. As a bit of an elephant seal buff, the more accurate comparison would be when two mother seals actively seek to nourish the same pup. So I believe the term you’re looking for is a double mother suckler.| Yeah, you’re right. That is the term I’m looking for. You are a dirty double mother suckler.
 It is not my fault that your mother likes me better than she likes you.| Oh, don’t flatter yourself. She likes everybody better than she likes me.
 Yeah, and you certainly don’t have to earn my love.| Thank you.
 Of course, you already knew that when you bought me this princess-cut drill bit.| That’s not what it is.
 Doesn’t matter, a good Christian would’ve turned the other cheek. On the other hand, a good Texan would’ve shot her, so, I just kind of split the difference. Hey, who’s in the mood for spaghetti and hot dogs?| Oh, me.
 Coming up.| I don’t really feel I deserve it.
 And I will pray for you.| Okay, Mom, let’s get you back to your hotel before anyone says anything else.
 One moment. There’s something I need to say to you.| Oh, really? That’s too bad.
 Therefore, I would like to initiate a new protocol wherein I shower you with unconditional love.| Wow. When does that start?
 Oh, my son.| Oh, my mother.
 Well, now we know, next time we go to the farmers’ market, the order is petting zoo first, then buy vegetables.| Hey.
 Oh, good. You’re here. I need your assistance.| Can it wait until I put a Band-Aid on a goat bite?
 Yeah. I’m tapping out. Leonard?| I’m gonna guess that your main concern is the time commitment of watching an entire season of a new show.
 Oh, no, not just a season. If I’m in, I’m in for the whole run, even if the quality declines.| I get it. Smallville almost wrecked you.
 Thanks for cooking.| Mmm. My pleasure.
 That carrot was delicious.| Yeah. I wish I’d fought harder for the rest of ’em.
 Okay.| We’re gonna set a date.
 Yeah, it’s just, things are good right now.| Really good.
 I’m focusing on my job.| And we’ve been busy with our paper.
 So busy.| Yeah, we’ll pick a date when we pick a date.
 You know why.| Well, of course I know why. But just for fun, why?
 Really good.| You still want to get married, right?
 Oh, my God. Yes. Why would you even ask that?| I don’t know. Because we don’t have a date?
 Well, you want a date, pick a date.| It’s not just the date. We haven’t talked about anything. Big wedding, small wedding, indoor, outdoor?
 Okay, indoor it is. Big or small?| Is your dad paying for it?
 I doubt it.| Okay, two friends each.
 All right, well, I want it in a church.| Fine. I want black-tie.
 Seriously? Airborne worms?| Okay. Well, then it’s settled. Small indoor church wedding, black-tie, no butterflies.
 Sounds perfect.| Great.
 Stay out of it.| Shut up.
 No, it’s okay.| Yeah, maybe it’s good you got us talking about this stuff.
 So you’re never getting married? It’s his whining, isn’t it?| Sheldon, I’m not a whiner.
 It’s amusing that he doesn’t hear it.| Look, all she’s saying is we are in love so it doesn’t matter if we get married tomorrow or a year from now or 50 years from now.
 Ew, 50? We’ll be old and gross.| Yeah, but we’ll be old and gross together.
 Um, I’m free tonight.| Are you saying you want to get married?
 Vegas isn’t that far away.| I’m in. Let’s do it.
 Oh, thank you.| Thanks.
 Wow, there’s a Denny’s in Vegas you can actually get married in.| Doesn’t sound very romantic.
 Yeah, but we could get heart-shaped pancakes.| I’m sure we’ll find a decent chapel.
 Yeah. This is crazy.| I know. You think people are gonna be mad?
 Maybe. But this isn’t about them, it’s about us.| It is. It is about us.
 And you know what the best part is? We took our time. I mean, we met, we were friends for a couple years, then we got together, and then we got untogether, then we worked out all our problems, and now we know everything about each other, we can just go forward with no surprises and no regrets.| Right. No surprises.
 And no regrets.| Uh, well, there, there’s one thing I feel I should tell you.
 What?| You know, so we can go into this with no secrets between us.
 What?| Remember, uh, a couple years back when I was on that research ship in the North Sea?
 Yeah.| Okay, well, there, there was a lot of drinking and craziness going on.
 No, you told me.| Okay, um, well, there was this girl.
 What did you do?| Nothing really. It was just kissing.
 And then what?| And then nothing. I stopped it. But it still bothers me, and I wanted you to know.
 All right.| Did you ever do anything like this since we’ve been?
 Nope, never.| Oh, that’s too bad.
 You know, can I ask you a question?| Hmm?
 Why are you telling me this now?| Well, like I said, we’re about to get married, and I, I want a clean slate. No secrets.
 Really? Because to me, it seems like we’re about to get married and you’re trying to sabotage it.| Would you rather I didn’t tell you?
 No, I don’t want there to be secrets between us.| See, now I’m confused. I mean, what, what am I supposed to do?
 Uh, keep your mouth off other women.| I can do that. Uh, uh, from now on, this mouth, you and food, that’s it.
 Okay.| Yeah?
 Look, I’m not happy this happened, but I think I can get past it. I mean, we weren’t engaged at the time, and it was just kissing.| Right.
 Just kissing.| It wasn’t even very good. She was a smoker, I’d just been seasick.
 Okay, that’s enough. Stop talking.| So, we’re still getting married?
 Yes.| Because we love each other.
 Yes.| And it’s the happiest day of our lives.
 So, what package are you thinking?| Mm, this one comes with music and flowers. Oh, they even stream the whole thing live on the Internet.
 Why would we want that?| ‘Cause there’s a lot of gorgeous blondes out there who don’t believe they can land a short, nearsighted scientist. Let’s give them hope.
 Whatever. Put us on the Internet. I’ve always wanted a wedding with a comment section.| If you’re not into this, we can do it another time.
 Leonard, have you gotten married yet?| No. Why?
 Good. Don’t do it.| Why not?
 Some important new information has come to light. Women are the worst. I thought it was paper cuts, but I was wrong. No piece of paper ever cut me this deep.| What happened now?
 Amy has ended our relationship.| Oh, no. Seriously?
 What’s going on?| Amy broke up with Sheldon.
 Is Penny crying?| No.
 No, of course not. They thrive on our suffering.| Buddy, I’m so sorry. Is there anything I can do?
 Yes. If I ever talk about going out with a girl again, roll your eyes at me like I do to you when you say dumb things.| Sheldon, uh, okay, just because you’re going through this with Amy doesn’t mean that all women are bad.
 Why did I just hear Amy’s name?| Penny’s on the phone with her.
 Okay, will you relax? You’re not missing anything special.| Hey.
 Amy’s upset? Is it about me?| No, I think it’s because we’re eloping.
 Okay.| Hey, if you’re hungry, there’s a breakfast buffet at the strip club next door.
 Thanks, but I don’t like glitter on my scrambled eggs.| I don’t think the strippers prepare the meal, but okay. Look, it’s not how I pictured it either, but I’m still glad we’re doing it.
 Me, too.| You sure?
 Yes.| And you promise you’re okay with everything from the car?
 Oh, my God, would you stop bringing it up?| You’re right. I’m sorry. We have the rest of our lives to dredge stuff up from the past and fight about it. So what do you think? Should we run next door and grab a bite?
 What if they call our names?| Oh, don’t worry. They gave me this vibrating coaster.
 So, when you hear the music, that’s your cue. Any questions?| Oh, the package that we paid for said the aisle was supposed to be strewn with rose petals.
 Really, we’re good.| Yup, just want to get married.
 Great. I’ll see you two up there.| This is it.
 I know.| I love you.
 No, thank you.| We’re good.
 Before I go any further, have either of you prepared your own vows?| Yes.
 No. You wrote vows?| Yeah.
 Well, I don’t have any. You’re kind of making me look bad.| It’s okay. I don’t have to say them.
 No, no, no, go ahead. I’ll come up with something mushy, you’ll cry, we got this.| Penny, we are made of particles that have existed since the moment the universe began. I like to think those atoms travelled 14 billion years through time and space to create us, so that we could be together and make each other whole.
 He loves that movie.| I do.
 We did it.| Yeah, I’m so glad you guys could watch.
 Can you?| Who do you think carries Sheldon to bed when he falls asleep in front of the TV?
 Okay, let’s do it. You gonna make it?| I’m okay.
 Nicely done.| Thank you. Finally, there’s a Mrs. Hofstadter who isn’t disappointed in me.
 Well, the night is still young.| Everything all right?
 Yeah. I guess.| Just tell me.
 It’s just, when we were kissing, I couldn’t help but picture you with that other girl.| Oh, no. No, come on. I have a friend in you. You said so.
 You’re right. Just forget it.| Yeah. Okay, listen. If you’re imagining that it was sexy, it wasn’t. We, we were both drunk, and she smelled like an ashtray. The boat was moving a lot, so I chipped her tooth.
 Did you feel guilty?| No, she had dental insurance.
 Did you feel guilty after kissing her?| Yes. I felt guilty as soon as it happened. I feel guilty every time I see her.
 What do you mean, every time you see her?| What do I mean? Boy, that’s a toughie.
 You still see her?| Well, no, not socially. But, you know, just at work.
 You work with her? How could you not tell me that?| I wanted to tell you in the car, but you told me to stop talking
 Oh, okay. So you’re saying this is my fault?| No, of course not. Okay, look, instead of fighting, why don’t we dim the lights, um, get naked and make a baby? I was trying to lighten the mood. It’s not easy. You try it.
 I thought I was okay, but it turns out I’m not.| Okay, listen, I may not have been entirely faithful, but you, you are not easy to lift.
 Wow. Well, marriage must agree with you. Well, you are just glowing.| I’m not glowing. I’m upset.
 Would you like to hear another reason why men are better than women?| Sure, let’s make it an even hundred.
 You would never kiss me and make me say I love you and then break up with me.| I wouldn’t.
 And you know why? ‘Cause you’re a man. The champagne of genders.| Well, I may be a man, but I think I’m the one that screwed up on this one.
 Yeah, well, and you admit it, like a man. All you hear women say is, I’ll just have a salad. You know? Where’s my lip gloss? I think this element should be called radium. That last one was Madame Curie.| I figured that out.
 You know what? She was kind of an honorary man. She had a penis made of science.| Can’t believe I’m spending my wedding night with you.
 Why are you up?| How am I supposed to sleep? I’ve been married less than 24 hours, and my wife isn’t speaking to me.
 You couldn’t sleep either?| Of course not.
 Me neither. But I just had a tickle in my throat, not profound marital problems.| What are we gonna do?
 I don’t know.| Please, tell me how I can fix it.
 Glad you asked. As I see it, there’s a simple solution. Your lips had a dalliance with the lips of another woman. It seems only logical that to restore balance to the relationship, you should find another man and dally with him. And by dally, I mean some hardcore mouth-on-mouth action.| Okay, that is the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard.
 Actually, I think he’s onto something.| You can’t be serious. ‘Cause I messed up and made out with a girl, you’re gonna do the same with a random guy?
 That’s true. You are.| What is happening?
 I can’t believe you made out with Mandy Chao.| Well, trust me, I wish it never happened.
 Let’s leave Leonard out of this for the moment. This is about you and me.| Wait, wait, wait, how is my day-old marriage falling apart becoming about you two?
 I bet you told Bernadette all about how he was screwing around with Mandy Chao.| Oh, we didn’t screw around. We just got drunk and made out.
 Can we talk?| I would love that.
 All right, look, I’m sorry I said I was okay with everything before we got married. I hate that we’re going through this, but I don’t know what to do.| If you don’t mind waiting for a Groupon, we can try marriage counselling.
 Now, forgive me for eavesdropping, but as I see it, there’s a simple solution.| Wake up, wake up, wake up.
 Bring Penny to meet Mandy.| What? Why?
 Well, right now, Penny’s imagination is running wild, but if they meet, that will eliminate the mystery and alleviate her fears. Like when that Sparkletts guy let me look under his eye patch.| Uh, first of all, you made that guy cry.
 And we learned that you don’t need an eyeball to do that.| Secondly, I can’t think of a more horrible idea than Penny meeting Mandy.
 Really? Why is that?| What, you actually want to meet her?
 No, but now that you’re being weird about it, maybe I should.| I’m not being weird. Am I being weird?
 Yes. And that’s coming from me.| Fine, you want to meet her?
 No, I just want to know that when you’re at work, there’s nothing going on.| How many times do I have to tell you? I have no interest in this woman.
 You don’t have to, you should want to.| Oh, great, there’s Mandy.
 I don’t know, but I’d like to get lost in her Bermuda Triangle.| That’s not helpful.
 Then I won’t say I’d like to cover three-quarters of her surface area.| Are we done?
 Not yet, this is fun. Ooh, I know. I’d let her free my willy. Where you going?| I’m gonna ask her if she’d be willing to talk to Penny, tell her she has nothing to worry about.
 Leonard, wait.| What?
 Now we are done.| Hey.
 Oh, hi, Leonard. What’s up?| Uh, do you mind if I sit?
 Sure.| So, um, I’ve been thinking a lot about you and me and the boat.
 What about it?| You know, what we did, when we were drunk.
 Oh, no, did I sleep with you, too?| No, we just made out.
 Oh. Well, good for me. So what can I do for you?| Uh, okay, well, um, I got married recently.
 Oh, congratulations. To Sheldon?| Never gets old. No, no, to a girl. Anyway, I told her what happened between you and me, and she’s concerned about us seeing each other at work.
 It was just a kiss. Why would you even tell her?| Because I didn’t want there to be any secrets between us.
 Is that really the reason?| What else would it be?
 I don’t know. Sounds like you’re trying to sabotage the relationship.| No, I don’t think so. Although, Penny did say exactly that.
 Okay, well, that’s something to think about.| You know, on some level, I’ve always believed that I don’t deserve a woman like her.
 Oh, you’re gonna think about that right here?| I mean, she’s really beautiful. She could have any guy she wants. Which is probably why it took her so many years to tell me she loved me.
 Maybe you should talk to a therapist about this.| Too expensive. You’d think I’d be used to women withholding their love. I mean, my mother did. I mean, no matter how hard I tried, she just didn’t have any interest in me.
 Imagine that.| I wonder if that’s why I have such a dysfunctional relationship with Sheldon. I had a dream the other night that I was in a cave and I was nursing a baby, but the baby had Sheldon’s head on it.
 So, you said you had something to tell me.| Okay, yeah, um, do you remember when you accused me of trying to sabotage our wedding?
 Uh-huh.| I’ve been thinking about it, and you might be right. But the good news is that I’m pretty sure I know why.
 I’m listening.| Penny, after all these years, I still feel like maybe I don’t deserve you.
 Okay, that is the lamest excuse you could’ve possibly come up with. But I get it.| You do?
 Yeah. Yeah, sometimes I worry you’re gonna wake up and leave me for someone more like you.| I don’t even understand why you’re with someone like me. Why would I want to be with someone like me?
 You know what I mean. And, you know, maybe the way I’ve been reacting was me sabotaging this, too.| Well, how about we stop being so scared of losing each other and just be together?
 That sounds nice.| Good. Because I’ve loved you since the moment we met, and I will keep loving you until the end of time.
 Oh. Oh, my God, that is the most beautiful thing anyone’s ever said to me.| Yeah? That’s because you’re beautiful, and your beauty fills my heart with love and song.
 It’s getting kind of cheesy, Leonard.| Huh? If you think that’s cheesy, buckle up. Penny Hofstadter, will you please stay married to me?
 Oh, damn it, you topped it. Should we go to the bedroom and make this marriage official?| Yes, please.
 I don’t know why you’re so surprised. I watch movies, I see what people do.| What is this?
 Oh.| Wow.
 Would you pass the mustard?| Sure. Hey, want to hear a fun fact about mustard?
 Is it that the glucosinolates which give mustard its flavour were evolved by the cabbage family as a chemical defence against caterpillars?| Yeah.
 Actually, we’re not going to the movies. We are here to kidnap you.| What are you talking about?
 Well, I’d hardly call this kidnapping. Where’s the blindfold? Where’s the duct tape? Where’s the part where you call me and demand ransom and I try to keep you on the phone, but you hang up seconds before I can trace it and then I say I’m getting too old for this crud?| When do we leave?
 Yeah. A buddy of mine let me borrow it.| This was Feynman’s van? That’s so cool.
 Yeah, and talked about physics with them.| So, are you gonna give us a clue where we’re headed?
 Uh, okay, let’s see. They’ve got spicy food and there’s a chance you’ll get diarrhoea.| India.
 We can drive there.| Your house?
 We are going to Me-hi-co.| Fun, I’ve never been there.
 How can you be sure? VHS was king when Feynman drove this van. For all we know, there are hidden compartments lousy with Jane Fonda workout videos.| If there was a hidden compartment, don’t you think you’d be stuffed in it by now?
 I don’t know. Have you watched the Olympics with me?| Sheldon, can you believe that we’re driving in a van that was owned by one of the greatest scientific minds of the 20th century? It’s like the Batmobile. If Batman was real and a physicist and his car wasn’t cool.
 Leonard?| What?
 If I see one scorpion, I am getting on someone’s shoulders and never coming down.| And there’s your damsel.
 There’s got to be a smarter way of removing it.| Yeah, this is nothing more than a physics problem.
 Exactly. I’ll bet there’s something around here that could be a lever.| Let’s see, a lever, a lever.
 Everybody hold on. Let’s take this problem one step at a time. First, we need to decide whether we’re calling it leever or lehver. And the sooner we decide it’s leever, the sooner we can roll up our sleeves, not slehves, and get to work.| We’re gonna be here foreever.
 What makes you say that?| There’s gotta be something else we could try.
 Oh, please, the Hulk would never get across the border with that temper.| Guys, excuse me, not that calling one of the Avengers isn’t a perfectly reasonable choice, but we’re scientists. Don’t you think we can figure this out using actual science?
 I had no idea tortilla chips were such a good fuel source.| They’re basically pure hydrocarbons soaked in fat. Let’s hope the lug nut expands.
 That’s not very nice.| It’s a bachelor party. Lighten up.
 Is that enough to melt the lug nut?| Well, let’s start small. We can always add more.
 What? What are you doing back?| We got a flat and couldn’t get the tyre off.
 Oh, I’m sorry.| Thank you.
 My dad killed my pig with his tractor.| I spent the night in Mexico with Sheldon.
 Blue Icees and a trip to The Container Store? It’s like I died and went to the post-mortem, neuron-induced hallucination commonly mistaken as heaven.| I still don’t understand why you bought that pill caddie. You’re a young man.
 Age is a state of mind, Leonard. In here I’m 90. Why are you taking your bins over there?| It’s just where I need them. You know, she doesn’t have a lot of closet space.
 So that’s all this day was? A plan to butter me up before delivering bad news?| Come on, buddy.
 Well, it’s not like I’m never going to see you two again. Which brings us to article 23 subsection C, please check here to reserve your spot at the ten year roommate reunion.| Do I really have to do that now?
 What’s the matter?| It’s harder than I thought.
 Let me help you. L. E. O. N.| That helped.
 So, what are you thinking for dinner?| Well, it’s Thai food night.
 Well, honey, you don’t live with Sheldon any more. You can have anything you want.| You’re right. But what? Mexican? Italian? German? Indian? Greek? Cuban? Chinese? Pizza? Barbecue? Korean? Korean barbecue?
 How about Thai food?| Oh, thank God.
 Oh, I wish I could, but I realized I’ve become too emotionally vulnerable, so, like an operating system, I’m restoring my life to the last stable version, which was in 2003, the day before I met Leonard.| You heard him, no.
 Are you doing okay?| I guess. I’m just, you know, worried about Sheldon.
 Well, come on, he’s a grown man in his 30s pretending to be a grown man in his 20s. He’s fine.| I hope so.
 What else can you do? Move back in with him?| No, of course not. I just feel bad.
 Well, so do I, but don’t you want to live with your wife and set the thermostat to whatever you want and have your body tell you when it’s time to go to the bathroom, you know, not a schedule slipped underneath your door every morning?| I did like that he had the weather on it.
 Trust me, this is the right thing.| I know. And it’s not like we’re abandoning him. Plus, we can FaceTime him whenever we want, you know, once iPhones are invented in his universe.
 Hello, 2003.| Hey, we brought you Thai. Where is everything?
 In my present, it’s in the future. In your present, it’s been crammed in the bedroom by an enterprising young man I met in The Home Depot parking lot.| I know what you’re doing. You’re trying to get attention so we’ll feel bad for you, but it’s not happening.
 No, what I’m doing is trying to figure out how to live my life now that everyone is leaving me.| Will you knock it off? We’re across the hall.
 Sure.| Wuh, what about what you said in the restaurant?
 You can. I’m happy when you come home. And I’m scared of fireworks. By the way, on July Fourth, we’re all sleeping here.| Fine.
 No, Bernadette got me a Fitbit so she can track how much I’m exercising.| That’ll teach her to care about your health.
 Nah, I’ll do it tomorrow.| It wouldn’t be the worst thing if we were more active.
 Yeah, I think it’s great you guys want to get more exercise, but do you really think sports is the right choice for you?| What are you saying? We’re not coordinated enough to play sports?
 Okay, Leonard, sweetheart, you twisted your ankle playing Scrabble.| I got a triple-word score with a double letter Q. If that’s not a time to bust out the scrabble dance, what’s the point of having one? Hey, Barry Kripke started a fencing club.
 Interesting. Sword fighting does hold a certain elegant appeal. And I would imagine it meets many of our personal criteria for a sport.| It’s indoors, so no sunscreen.
 No throwing, no catching, no running.| No gym shorts that can be yanked down.
 Or worse, up.| Preach.
 And as an added bonus, the word touché comes from fencing. It would be our only opportunity to use it in a non-metaphorical sense.| What about a game of tag on a French schoolyard?
 I feel cool. Like Puss in Boots.| I always wanted to be a swashbuckler when I was a kid.
 Gentlemen, welcome to the fencing cwub. Before we start, I just want to warn you, fencing isn’t a joke. I hope you’re not here because you think it’s going to be wike Star Wars.| That’s not why we’re here.
 The first move is called an advance. You move your fwont foot fowward, heel to toe. Back foot fowwows. So fwont foot fowward, heel to toe. Back foot fowwows. Now you twy. Advance. And advance. And advance.| This is easy. I didn’t need to wear a cup.
 I’m looking forward to him teaching us glove-slapping.| What?
 You know, when my honour is insulted, and I need to challenge someone to a duel by slapping them across the face with my glove.| When was your honour insulted?
 My last physical.| Again, that doctor didn’t insult your honour. Just checked your prostate.
 Ah, this is fun.| Well, good. It’s nice to see your mind off Amy.
 Good to know? What’s that supposed to mean?| Oh. I hate to say it, but it sounds like he’s interested in her.
 Well, that’s unacceptable.| Oh, buddy, I get that you don’t like it, but it’s not really up to you.
 Yeah, but he’s dumb, and his face is dumb.| Look, even if it’s not him, Amy’s probably going to date someone at some point.
 You really think so?| Of course. She deserves to be happy.
 Barry, a word?| And now the crazy version of what I just said.
 That is why the duel will take place at high noon, three years from today. If you’re worth your salt as an instructor, I should be ready by then. Yeah, and be warned. I’m going to touch you all over.| Wow. That, that was crazier than I thought.
 Look at this blister. Like it or not, we’re athletes now. Besides, a bar is where I belong. I’m having female problems.| If you’re cranky and retaining water, I have a theory.
 True, but Penny’s married, and so is Bernadette. And your girlfriend has red hair and white skin, which really rubs up against my clown phobia.| Maybe you should consider women who aren’t in serious relationships with your closest friends?
 How many sips of that beer did he have?| Three.
 I smell funny. I taste salty.| You’re just sweaty from exercise.
 And kind of delicious. I wonder how many licks it would take to get to the centre of me.| I know it only takes one doctor’s finger.
 Hello.| We should let you guys talk.
 You don’t have to leave.| Look at me go.
 Leonard, I’ve got terrible news.| What’s going on?
 Before I tell you, perhaps I should soften the blow. You’re face is pleasingly symmetrical.| Just tell me.
 A Swedish team of physicists is trying to scoop our super-fluid vortex experiment.| Oh, well, that kind of stinks.
 That kind of stinks? Why aren’t you more upset? Did I soften the blow too much? Because this here is more like a Picasso painting.| What are we going to do?
 Perform the experiment immediately.| I’d love to, but we need liquid helium and our shipment’s on back order for a month.
 A month? What? Are you kidding me? That would have been a good time for you to soften the blow.| That shirt brings out the blue in your eyes.
 Thank you. Aren’t you sweet.| Let’s go check to see if the university has any helium in reserve.
 Twue, but if it’s successful, I’m having a pawty with bawwoons.| Come on, Barry, there’s a Swedish team trying to run our experiment before us. Can’t you spare any?
 Be honest, if the shoe was on the other foot, would you do this for me?| Yes.
 Not a chance.| What are you doing?
 Why do you need Kripke? Can’t you just go to Party City for helium?| We’d have to go to every Party City in California.
 If you need liquid helium so bad, I know a guy who can get you some, if you don’t ask too many questions.| Who is he?
 Where does he work?| How does he get the helium?
 What’s he say?| He’s got what we need and can meet us tonight.
 That’s right. And what did he do?| He handed you the box directly and called you Stretch.
 It’s like it was yesterday.| Do you want liquid helium or not?
 Of course I do. I don’t want that Swedish team scooping us.| Then I’m going to tell him we’re in.
 Leonard, wait. This is highly unethical.| We’re just bending the rules a little. We have grant money to do the experiment, so we’re going to spend it on the helium we need. It’s not like when Dr. Goldfarb claimed he bought an electron microscope and he was really just keeping a Russian girl in an apartment in Van Nuys.
 Was she helping him with his research?| Sure. So, are we doing this?
 Well, but where does he get the helium?| Remember? Don’t ask too many questions?
 Uh, but this is violating university code.| A little, but if I may quote Einstein, the pursuit of science calls us to ignore the rules set by man.
 Huh. All right, do it. Tell him we’re in.| Done.
 I can’t find that quote on the Internet. Did you make that up?| Before I answer, may I just say your skin has never looked better.
 Oh, of course. An nondescript, white panel van. You may be familiar with it from the sentence, their bodies were found in a nondescript, white panel van.| Hey.
 What’s up?| Uh, I’m Leonard. This is my friend…
 Great. You got the cash?| Uh, yeah, uh, right here.
 Wait, hold on, hold on. How do we know that you’re not gonna take the money and drive away?| What ya doing, Skippy?
 Guess I’m not the only one who watches ’70s television crime dramas.| Look, you can trust us. We’re respected scientists.
 Well, I never thought of it like that. Boy, frame of reference will just sneak up on you, won’t it?| My friend does make a decent point about the money. I don’t feel comfortable just handing it over up front.
 Huh. All these years I’ve been using stalemate, when I really mean impasse. I feel foolish.| I don’t think it matters if this is a stalemate or an impasse or a Mexican standoff. What are we gonna do here?
 Perfect. Now we really are in a Mexican standoff. Is this one of those times where I’ve won the battle but lost the war?| Afraid so, Skippy.
 I told you we shouldn’t go shopping at night.| All right, let’s all just calm down. Nobody wants to report anybody.
 No, I don’t like this. I’m out.| No, no, no. Wait, don’t go. Just let me explain. We’re physicists, and we’re trying to prove a hypothesis that we’ve been working on for over a year.
 Hmm. Could be, could be. Go on.| Okay, but now there’s this Swedish team that read our paper and they’re trying to beat us to our own discovery. We really need this helium.
 And I’m sorry I lied about being a wedding planner who can’t find love. Although I am currently single, if you know anybody.| Here’s the money. Can we do this?
 Okay. It’s a shame about those scientists ripping you off. I expected a higher ethical standard from our friends in Sweden.| It’s actually pretty common in our field. There’s not much you can do about it.
 Right this way, Uncle Harvey.| Will you stop with that already?
 I’m trying not to attract attention.| And tipping his hat to the cleaning lady didn’t do that?
 She said buenas noches. What was he supposed to do?| Let’s just start the experiment.
 Leonard, we should probably have our story straight in case we get caught.| We’re not getting caught.
 Well, you can’t be sure of that. What if the helium dealer rats us out? What if Kripke asks where we got it? What if the university checks my family tree and finds out I don’t have an Uncle Harvey?| The dealer doesn’t care, Kripke has no authority over us, and you being related to a metal container would explain a lot. Help me hook this up.
 Uh-oh.| What?
 Well, did you see this sticker?| What is it?
 It’s partially torn off, but the segment that remains reads property of and the letter U.| It’s probably USC or UCLA.
 Yeah, but what if it’s Property of U.S. Government? There’s a national helium reserve in Amarillo, Texas. If this was stolen from there, we’re accessories to a federal crime.| Let’s not jump to conclusions. A lot of things start with U.
 That’s true. There’s the U.S. Air Force, U.S. Department of Defence, U.S. Navy, you and I are going to jail.| Listen, we can do the experiment as planned and beat the Swedish team to the punch, or we can kiss our dreams good-bye because we were to afraid to break a few rules.
 Yeah, well, is there something wrong with it?| No, nothing. We just changed our mind.
 Yeah, I hear you. Well, you’re good guys, so I’ll, uh, I’ll take the helium off your hands.| Thank you.
 Look, I enjoy semantic digressions as much as the next guy, but, uh, this is business.| You know what? It’s fine. Keep the money. We just want to be done with this.
 I don’t understand.| He wants more money.
 Well, the Swedes might beat us, but at least we won’t get gang-noogied in prison.| Is Ernest Goes to Jail the only prison movie you’ve seen?
 Hey, I’ve been thinking. I was being petty. You can have my hewium.| Thank you, Barry.
 I don’t know, seems fair. You can’t do it without me.| Can you give us a minute?
 I don’t like being extorted like this. Especially by him of all people.| Me neither, but what other choice do we have?
 Does the study say what happens to the unpopular kids?| You tell me, you woke up in bed with one.
 Listen to this. I just received an e-mail from Wil Wheaton. Leonard Nimoy’s son is working on a documentary that he started with his father before he passed away. It’s about Mr. Spock and his impact on our culture.| Why is he writing to you?
 All right. But this better not be some elaborate scheme to get me out of my shirt.| How long have you known Adam?
 A few years.| And what are you getting him back for?
 Aw. When he says things like that, I just want to hug him and make everything better.| My brother was mean to me, too.
 Of course. Excuse me. This will just take a moment.| When did we get a wall safe?
 When there was no more room in the floor safe.| When did we get a floor safe?
 When we got the security camera.| There’s a security camera?
 All right then. See? Just my valuables. My passport, uh, my will.| You have a will?
 Yeah. My 1/18 scale Wil Wheaton action figure. I also have the other kind of will, and in it I will my Wil back to Wil.| Will Wil want it?
 What?| You bought her a ring?
 No. She broke up with me before I could broach the subject.| Oh, man, I’m sorry, that must have been devastating for you.
 Um.| You did go pfft.
 All right, fine. Well, Sheldon, I’m no expert, but aren’t you completely missing the point of Spock? I mean, he liked to act like he had no emotions, but he was still half human.| Just like you.
 I can’t believe Sheldon was gonna ask Amy to marry him.| I know. I also can’t believe he watched what we did on that couch and still sits on it.
 Hello.| Hey, buddy. How you doing?
 Better. Did Wil and Adam leave?| Yeah.
 Do you think they’re going to put my outburst in the documentary?| Oh, yeah.
 Do you know what that means?| No.
 Are you telling the truth?| Nirsh.
 I’m going to find her and ask her to marry me. And if she says yes, we can put this behind us and resume our relationship. And if she says no, well, then she can just ponfo miran.| He didn’t meant that.
 Yeah, right. You can just shut your feelings off. There goes television, lying to us again. We let you raise our children, and this is the thanks we get. Leonard, how could I have been so foolish to try and follow in the footsteps of a made-up alien race with no emotions?| Well now instead of idolizing fictional characters, you can focus on the real people who are already in your life.
 Those are very wise words.| Thank you.
 I think it’s so adorable you’re making Sheldon breakfast.| Well, he’s having a rough time. Amy broke his heart, the DVR cut off the last minute of Doctor Who. That crow followed him home.
 Aren’t you worried you’re making French toast on oatmeal day?| Ah, well, what’s this? A pot of oatmeal? Or, thanks to you, what I will now call gloatmeal.
 Oh, Dr. and Mrs. Hofstadter, lovely to see you this fine morning.| You’re in a good mood.
 Oh. Good for you.| What brought this on?
 No, I need a new woman in my life to ignore so I can hyper-focus on my work again.| Hey, I made French toast sticks.
 On oatmeal day?| Ah, I also made oatmeal.
 Oh, I forgot to tell you, we’re gonna meet up with Bernadette to spy on Amy and her date.| What? I don’t want to do that.
 What, and you think I want to see a documentary about aluminium can recycling?| This is the movie that big soda doesn’t want you to see.
 No, it’s the movie your wife doesn’t want you to see.| So you’re actually okay with invading your friend’s privacy?
 You’re not curious who she’s out with?| Not really.
 Right here.| You just happen to have those in the car?
 Kinda. Before I met Howie, I liked to keep close tabs on my boyfriends.| By stalking them?
 Yeah.| Can I see?
 What, now you’re interested? You didn’t even want to come.| I know, but you guys make being a crappy friend look fun.
 Fine.| Yeah, okay, I see him. It looks like they’re having a nice time. I wish I could hear what they’re saying.
 I took a video. I forgot how much fun this is.| Okay, we saw them. Can we go catch the movie?
 You’re right, it’s, it’s weird. No, wait. Do it. No. I changed my mind. I’d be too nervous. Oh, I don’t know what to do.| Are we gonna be much longer? I really have to go to the bathroom.
 Hi, Ames, what are you doing here?| What happened?
 O-M-G. Aren’t you Leonard Hofstadter?| Yeah.
 It’s an absolute pleasure to meet you. Can I shake your hand?| I don’t know if you want to do that, I was just, okay, never mind.
 Amy, I’m never washing this hand again.| You really should.
 Hey. Good news, everybody. Now that I’m no longer with Amy, I have an extra ticket to the annual Thanksgiving lunch buffet at the aquarium cafeteria. Who wants it? Well, you realize you won’t be going alone, I’ll be there the whole time. Providing fish and pilgrim facts. Can you people hear me?| Well, we’re having everyone over.
 Yeah, Leonard and I are gonna be cooking all day.| Otherwise we’d love to.
 But we can’t.| Yeah, poor us.
 Look at us. Our first Thanksgiving as husband and wife.| I know. I feel so grown up.
 Sweetie, you are grown up.| Really? How many grown-ups do you know who have Mr. Spock oven mitts? Hey, the recipes are on my iPad. Will you pull ’em up?
 Yep. What’s the code?| My birthday.
 It’s not working.| It’s just the four digits, month and day.
 Nope.| Let me see. Yeah, there. What number were you putting in?
 Uh.| You don’t know my birthday, do you?
 Yes, I do.| Well, what is it?
 May.| May what?
 I’m not gonna say your password out loud. That is not secure.| You don’t know your own husband’s birthday.
 Well, you don’t know everything about me.| Your birthday is December 2, you grew up on Perkins Street, the last four digits of your social are 7 6-2 1, and the odds of me letting you forget this are zero.
 Fine. You think you know so much. Who’s my favourite Spice Girl?| Baby.
 Who’s my favorite member of NSYNC?| Justin.
 Who’s my favorite Backstreet Boy?| Nice try. NSYNC forever.
 Damn it.| Face it, you can’t stump me. I am the king of husbands. I know that you don’t like the lingerie that I got you on Valentine’s Day. I know you hate the word moist. I know…
 Hang on. Wait, wait. Why don’t I like the lingerie you got me?| Because it’s orange and you think it makes you look like a slutty carrot.
 Interesting. I never told you that.| Sure you did.
 No. I never told anyone that. But I did write it in my journal.| What? I didn’t know you had a journal.
 I also know your voice gets higher when you’re lying.| No, it doesn’t.
 How can reading my journal be an accident?| I didn’t even know what it was. I saw it on your nightstand. I picked it up.
 Well, when you realized what it was, why didn’t you stop?| You know me, I’m a big ol’ bookworm.
 All right. Let’s just finish cooking.| Well, hey, okay. Let me make this up to you. Sometimes I keep an online journal. I want you to read something that I wrote.
 Okay, really, I’m fine.| Okay. Well, then I’ll read it to you. It’s from the day we first met. Beauty, thy name is Penny.
 Oh, God. Stop. I don’t want you to read something you think’ll just butter me up. I want to hear the most recent thing you wrote.| Fine. Mmm, Penny’s beauty, like our love, grows more with each passing day.”
 Does it really say that?| Why would I lie?
 OMG. OMG. We’re so close to the new Star Wars. I can’t take it. Gah. Gah?| Well, you didn’t read it right. The new Star Wars is coming. Gah.
 Hey. Where’d you go? I can’t tell if the turkey’s done.| Be right there. Hi, lover.
 What are you doing?| I’m sorry about the journal. I want to make it up to you. So I’m gonna let you post a shame photo of me on Facebook.
 I am not putting that on the Internet. I don’t want people to see this. I don’t want to see it.| Don’t want people to see what, huh? A little bit of this?
 Oh.| Huh? Some of this? And, since it’s Thanksgiving, an extra helping of this?
 What are you talking about?| You were just humming.
 Are you sure? Sometimes when my brain really gets moving, it makes noise.| How does your brain feel about calculating the surface tension of the domain walls?
 Let’s see. Hey, I was humming. One point for Hufflepuff. What song is that?| Well, hum it again. Is that the SpongeBob song?
 Public nudity?| Eh, that just means going barefoot.
 Oh, my God, he won’t stop.| How does he keep coming up with new ways to be annoying?
 Nobody knows. That’s why he’s number one. Can you please go talk to him?| Come on. I take care of him all day long. You do it for once.
 Once? Who got the gum out of his hair?| What do you want, a medal? It was your gum.
 Fine.| I love you.
 Problem solved.| Oh, yeah, he got a tuba.
 Dear Crazy Future Sheldon, this is a thermostat. It controls the temperature of the apartment. The ideal setting is 72 degrees. If you find this too cold, then put on a jacket. A straitjacket, ’cause 72’s the best and you’re crazy. Now, this is your spot. You’re very protective of it. When anyone else tries to sit here, you berate them relentlessly. It sounds mean, but somehow you make it adorable. People are also delighted by your love of pranks. For example, Leonard has no idea what I did to his coffee. It wasn’t replace it with Folger’s crystals, I’ll tell you that much.| Hey, can we please get back to work?
 This is Leonard. He’s your best friend in the world.| All right, just stop. This is ridiculous.
 Sometimes he gets cranky, but you can trust him with your life. And he does more things for you than I can even begin to list.| Thank you.
 Bah, bam, bum-bum, bah, bum, bum. This song is never going to stop. Have you ever dealt with something so relentlessly irritating?| That’s a trick question, right?
 Come on, Sheldon. There are plenty of smart people who don’t have mental problems.| Yup, she’s right. For every Newton who had a psychological issue, there’s an Edison who was just a jerk. That could totally be you.
 I wonder why it was this particular song that was stuck in my head.| I don’t know. It’s pretty catchy.
 They have beach right in the name. What do you think?| Well, now that you can focus again, what do you say we get back to surface tension of domain walls?
 Yes. She’s like the dryer sheets of my heart. I have to go.| Aw. Am I like the dryer sheets of your heart?
 Better. You’re the lint trap of my love.| Aw.
 They’re not supposed to be available yet.| I don’t know what to tell you, but they’re on sale.
 The Web site’s frozen. I can’t get in.| Yeah, me, too.
 Oh, thank you.| I’m also really happy, but I can’t pretend it’s for you. New Star Wars in three days.
 You guys just got back together. You might not want to ditch her on her birthday.| I think Penny has a point. You can see it another day.
 Good for Sheldon deciding to stay with Amy on her birthday.| I know. It’s still gonna be weird to see the movie without him.
 Hello.| Hey. We’re going to the comic book store. You want to come?
 No, I can’t. I need to make preparations for Amy’s birthday. Which leads me to the following bit of business. This is my ticket to Star Wars. I don’t have to tell you it is worth far more than its face value of fifteen dollars and fifty cents. I trust you’ll give it to someone worthy.| You got it. Well, Penny might want to join us.
 It’s like going with your grandpa. Instead of eating popcorn, he brings little pieces of chicken in Tupperware and a thermos full of soup.| He’s not that bad. Hey, Stuart, got any plans Thursday night?
 My, uh, my doctor’s worried about my circulation, so I was thinking about walking around the mall. Why?| Well…
 Tonight’s the night.| Yeah, the wait is finally over.
 Have fun, guys.| We will.
 I know.| We’re gonna have so much more fun than him.
 Oh, did you hear from Wil?| Yeah, he’s on his way. Time for bladder check.
 Check.| Check.
 Hey, guys. What’s up?| Um, hey, Wil. What you doin’?
 He’s right.| Yeah. No matter what happens, we’re coming back tomorrow to watch it again.
 Guys, it’s just a movie.| That’s true.
 That’s the one to beat. Leonard?| Oh, if anything, I’m trying to get my Sheld-off.
 Hey.| Hey.
 Hi.| How was your day?
 I’m not sick. It’s for work. There’s this doctor who refuses to see any sales reps. I’ve been trying to get in for months.| Well, did you try wearing the shirt I said was inappropriate for work?
 That’s interesting.| I’m not gonna make a fake appointment with a psychiatrist. What would I say is wrong with me?
 Sexual insecurity.| None of that is true.
 Uh, denial. See, sweetie, the list goes on and on.| That’s just crazy. How would my going in there even help you?
 I don’t know. You could talk to her, and maybe if it comes up, you could ask if she’s heard about the drug.| What if I get caught?
 Kind of a wuss.| Fine, I’ll do it. But not because of them, because I love you.
 Ah, it’s my pleasure. I’m curious, are you related to Dr. Beverly Hofstadter?| Uh, she’s my mother. You know her?
 No, not personally, but I have read all of her books.| Well, then you know her better than I do.
 Well, I’m not so sure about that. But I can tell you I do not agree with her theories on child rearing at all.| Really? Any chance you find them cold, cruel and unsuitable for innocent little boys who just want to be happy?
 Well, I didn’t want to say it.| No, no, say it. Sing it. Rent a plane, write it in the sky.
 Sounds like you’re holding on to quite a bit of anger towards her.| Oh, no, I, I’ve worked through a lot of that stuff, I’m better now.
 Mm. Good for you.| Do you know she never let me celebrate my birthday because being born was her achievement, not mine?
 That’s heartbreaking.| Right? To this day, I send her a card every year with a little money in it.
 Hey, how’d it go?| Oh, great. Dr. Gallo is terrific. You know, I, I’ve always been insecure that no one cares about what I have to say, but she made me see…
 Yeah, no one cares. Did you help me out or not?| Okay, now, what I’m hearing is that you feel that I sometimes take too long to express myself, and you wish I’d be more succinct.
 You’re only hearing that because I cannot roll my eyes any louder.| All right, well, after we talked about my issues with my mother, nothing too deep, just how she ruined my life, I told her about you and your drug. She said she’d be happy to meet you.
 Really? Oh, you’re the best husband ever.| So you’ll go to the Doctor Who convention with me next week?
 I guess.| Oh, I actually did hear your eyes roll that time.
 Nah, you’re right, that’s dumb.| Hey.
 Oh, Leonard, great news. We discovered a medium-sized asteroid together.| Wow, that’s amazing. I’m in a pretty great mood today myself.
 Okay. Guess we’re gonna talk about you now.| Well, we are, because Dr. Gallo made me realize that I’m a worthwhile person and that my feelings matter.
 Now, this isn’t about us, this is about what’s best for the asteroid.| Well, what are you thinking of naming it?
 All right, way to go, Cat Poster. You hang in there.| You know what’d be nice? Name it after your girlfriends. Show them how much you care.
 Go, Leonard! Go, Leonard! Go, Leonard! Go, Leonard!| Remember, girls, you decide what makes you happy, not your emotionally withholding mothers.
 No, no, no, no, no. I’ve seen that movie. It’s called Iron Man.| What is happening?
 Oh, I love me some Leo.| And it’s gone.
 Oh, hello, everyone. I am happy to report I’m feeling much better.| Good for you.
 No. But I knew that his yay was sarcastic. Not bad for a guy whose last bowel movement sounded like rain on a roof.| Let me refresh your memory.
 Leonard, I’m dying.| You’re not dying. It’s just the flu.
 Hey. Where’s Sheldon? Still sick?| No, he’s fine. We just needed a little break.
 I wish we could do more stuff without Sheldon.| I wish that all the time. Usually before I blow out birthday candles.
 We should all take a trip or something.| Well, you know, Penny and I have been talking about taking a weekend in Vegas. Maybe we should all go.
 Oh, Ooh, maybe we could get one of those party buses to take us there.| That sounds really fun.
 Yeah, that sounds fun. A party-bus party don’t stop. Ooh, when I say party, you say bus.| No.
 No.| No.
 Oh, that could be fun. But just to be clear, you mean a party bus with booze and music, right, not, like, juice boxes and video games?| Yes. And Howard’s birthday was a drop-off party, you didn’t have to stay.
 Well, I’m in. When are we going?| This weekend.
 Oh, where are we going?| Well, Vegas, but…
 Ugh, Atlantic City without the taffy? No, thank you.| That’s fine, ’cause actually you’re not invited.
 I can consider a place America’s urinal cake and still enjoy the occasional visit.| Not this time.
 Oh, fine. Then I’ll just hang out with Wolowitz.| He’s coming, too.
 Well, then Raj and I will…| Nope.
 Very well. Stuart.| Oh, great. Do that.
 Leonard, get ready for an apology. And with the added twist of an M. Night Shyamalan movie, I’m going to mean it.| Ah, so like every other M. Night Shyamalan movie I’ve seen, you spoil it in advance.
 Hey, if you didn’t know Bruce Willis was dead the whole time, that’s not on me. Okay. Here it comes. You tried to take care of me when I was sick, and I was mean to you. There’s no excuse for that. And I’m truly sorry.| Thank you. I appreciate that.
 I want you to know that that is sincere. I do feel bad. I’m not just saying it to be included on your trip.| Appreciate that, too.
 Terrific. Now all that’s left is for you to invite me to come, me to ask are you sure, you to say absolutely, and then me to bring it home with, how could I say no to that face?| You’re still not coming.
 What? I apologized and I meant it. I know that we don’t play this game very often, but you’re doing it wrong.| Sheldon, I accept your apology, but you upset a lot of people while you were sick. I’m not in a position to just say you can come.
 Well, all right. What if I apologize to all of them?| Fine, if you apologize to everyone, they all say it’s okay, then yes, you can come.
 Challenge accepted. Sounds like it’s time for the Sheldon Cooper Apology Tour.| Well, I hope it’s as much fun as the Sheldon Cooper Spell-Checks Local Menus Tour.
 No. As a fight, it was excellent. She used harsh language and slammed the door. Although as I say this, that might not have been what you were asking.| You think they’ll still go on the trip?
 All I know is after the fight I went to Emily’s to smooth…| They’re not going on the trip.
 You know what that means.| That Raj’ll be on it before we make it to the freeway?
 Here’s some champagne.| Mm-hmm. Well, I would like to propose a toast to a well-deserved weekend of…
 Aha.| What are you doing?
 I told him this was a bad idea.| What do we do, kick them off?
 And now you see the problem.| Come on, you pain in the ass.
 Here’s a fun Postal fact. The inner side of our mailbox is under federal jurisdiction. So, if you broke my right thumb, that’s Pasadena city police. But if you broke my left thumb, that’s the FBI.| If I’m going to jail, I’m killing him, not breaking his thumb.
 Ah, yeah, Grandma by Calvin Klein. You know, the last time I got a hand written letter it was from someone who told me I parked like a blind person.| That someone has a name.
 Uh, thank you. Oh, Meemaw got a new set of teeth. Oh, but then she found her old ones. Oh, so now the new ones are just gonna be her church teeth.| Fun. Like your Comic-Con Spock ears and your around the house Spock ears.
 Oh, my goodness, she’s coming to visit!| Oh, it’ll be nice to finally meet her.
 That’s not her. That’s not her. That’s not her. That’s not her. That’s not her. That’s not her. That’s not her. That’s not her.| Really? The old Asian man is not your Meemaw?
 And that’s not helpful. You know, I got her an iPhone for Christmas. I’ll see where she is.| Oh, that’s nice. Most people her age don’t embrace technology.
 Oh, no, she doesn’t even know she has it. No, I had my sister slip it in her bag so that I can track her like a sea turtle.| Same as when we lost you at the zoo.
 Uh, for the hundredth time, I smelled kettle corn and couldn’t find the cart.| Still doesn’t explain how you ended up on the freeway divider.
 Oh. You got even smaller. I love it. Uh, Meemaw, this is Leonard. Leonard, this is my Meemaw.| Hi. So nice to finally meet you. Let me take this for you, Meemaw.
 It isn’t, Meemaw. Sorry, Leonard.| Can you please live with us forever?
 Well, Leonard doesn’t need as much tending to as Sheldon does. And as Moon Pie explained, Leonard’s work is more of a hobby.| That’s my best friend.
 What ring?| Maybe we should give them some privacy.
 Wow. You know, the last time I saw my grandma, the most exciting thing was watching the ash of her cigarette get longer and wondering if it was gonna fall in her pudding.| Did it?
 No, I wouldn’t.| Just get in here.
 Yeah, well, that is exactly what I’ve been doing the last five years with this little work in progress.| He never disappoints, does he?
 Gentlemen.| Hey.
 If any of you are looking for something to do on Valentine’s Day, Amy and I’ll be streaming our first-ever live episode of Fun With Flags. You’re welcome to join us as we celebrate the timeless love affair between wind and flapping fabric.| Penny and I have dinner reservations that night, but any other time, no.
 Spending Valentine’s Day with Emily.| You don’t sound very excited about it.
 You’ve been talking about breaking up with Emily forever. Why don’t you just do it already?| Yeah, just get it over with.
 No.| Not really.
 Well, I have broken up with my fair share of guys. I mean, how many times did I break up with Leonard?| I stopped counting at four.
 Oh, I’m gonna do a pre-cry before I go in there. Really dry myself out.| She meant Emily.
 I’m gonna all alone on Valentine’s Day.| Well, you were right, tears.
 An hour? What? That’s crazy. We have a reservation.| I know.
 So what did you say?| Thanks, sorry to bother you. But I said it like a badass.
 All right, well, can’t you, like, slip him some money or something?| Really? I’ve never done that before. Does it work?
 Do people like money? Is that what you’re asking?| A lot of attitude from the woman who thought MC squared was a rapper.
 Now, is that a smart thing to say on a holiday that’s basically national sex night?| I’m sorry. You’re pretty, I’m stupid. Hello. Uh, just checking again for Hofstadter. Still gonna be an hour?
 I’m afraid so.| Okay. Thanks. Hey. I think you may have dropped this?
 I did.| Oh, I took care of it.
 This is ridiculous. You know, I’m gonna go talk to the maître d’.| What are you gonna say?
 I don’t know. I’m, I’m gonna flirt with him.| I don’t know if I’m comfortable with that.
 I’m still sleeping with you tonight.| See if you can get a table by the window.
 Just shut up, Glen. Come on, let’s get out of here.| What? Why?
 It is freaking amazing.| Well, glad you’re feeling better.
 I was just hungry and cranky, and I’ve never been called ma’am before.| Is that a big deal?
 Kind of. When was the first time someone called you sir?| Sixth grade, but I wore a sport coat and carried a briefcase, so…
 Can you believe when I met you I was 22? I mean, it’s crazy. Where did all that time go?| Mm, you watched The Bachelor a lot.
 Yeah, go ahead and make jokes, but your thirties are almost over.| No, they’re not.
 You’re closer to 40 than you are 30.| Ha, ha. You married an old man. Tell you what. Let’s do something fun tonight.
 Won’t make us any younger.| Well, maybe not, but some day we actually will be old, and we’ll look back on this night and remember what a good time we had.
 Okay, like what?| I know. Food fight. I’ll keep thinking.
 Let’s see. What’s young and fun? Uh, we could go dancing.| Are you actually gonna dance?
 Are you actually gonna dance?| Of course.
 Yeah. No one wants to see that. Hey, how about skinny dipping at the beach?| No, I don’t need any fish nibbling my business.
 Oh, there’s a screening of Moulin Rouge, I heard the crowd sings along and stuff.| That sounds fun. When’s it start?
 Midnight.| Midnight. Really? You know what? Let’s do it.
 Okay, great. Oh, wait. Uh, it’s sold out.| Oh, thank God.
 Happy Valentine’s Day!| We are young and fun.
 Cleaning up is not young and fun.| It can be. Confetti fight. Maybe you should take a break. I got this.
 Well, you be sure to let us know when you win the Nobel Prize for boysenberry.| Hey.
 Hey, bud.| Ready to play when you are.
 If it’s thank you for the home made jam you got in December, congratulations, you’re the first one.| What’s going on?
 I’m, uh, uh, gonna be a father.| What? Congratulations.
 Oh, no.| Why oh, no?
 Because this changes everything. What about comic book night? Uh, what about playing games together? What about our trips to Disneyland? How can we do those things with a child around?| Relax, there’s room for two babies in this group.
 Oh, dear lord, Penny’s pregnant, too?| You’re the other baby.
 Oh, really? Okay, well, would a baby have to shave once every 11 days?| Would an adult refuse to eat his graham crackers because one of them was broken?
 I shouldn’t be raising a kid. I don’t even eat my own vegetables.| Buddy, I, I think you might be overreacting.
 I wasn’t joking.| It’ll be fine. People have kids every day. You’ll figure this out.
 You’re right, it is, I’m just a little overwhelmed right now.| Hey, you know what we should do?
 All get vasectomies so this doesn’t happen to us?| Go out and celebrate. But not your worst idea.
 I’d like to propose a toast to our friend, Howard, his, um, his big heart, his beautiful soul…| And his tight little pants that somehow did not make him sterile.
 If I’m gonna have any chance of raising this kid, I need to come up with a big idea to make some money.| There’s no reason you can’t.
 That’s easy for you to say. You and Sheldon already came up with your superfluid helium model.| That’s just research. We’re never gonna make any money from it.
 Forget helium. The real superfluid is the fruit punch in this mug. Reminds me of my daddy’s secret don’t tell mama juice.| Uh, these are strong, you should slow down.
 Okay, how about this for an invention, slightly bigger cocktail umbrellas.| How is that a new invention?
 This place is terrific. Why. why have we never been here before?| The same reason we don’t do a lot of fun stuff. You.
 I hope the bathroom is clearly marked.| Doesn’t matter. He’s headed for the kitchen anyway.
 Hey. In your supercooled helium experiments, did you create quantum vortices?| Yeah. Why?
 Well, if you made a guidance system, couldn’t you use those vortices as a gyroscope?| Wow. I’ve never thought about that.
 Groundbreaking revelations, tropical drinks. Tell me this isn’t like the best episode of Sex and the City.| You may have actually just come up with something.
 You think so?| I really do.
 This video. The baby panda sneezes, and the mama panda gets so scared.| Can you focus on what we’re talking about?
 And stronger. Who wants to see me beat up the bartender?| I’d enjoy that.
 Look at that. You’ve known you’re gonna be a father for less than a day and you’re already stepping up.| I’m telling you, you got this.
 Just bust a move,| You want it, you got it, oh, you want it, baby you got it
 Just bust a move,| You want it, you got it, oh, you want it, baby you got it
 That was such a fun night.| Probably ’cause you got to see your man up there rockin’ the mic.
 Yeah, yeah. I was a little surprised when you decided to beat-box.| Oh. That was really an asthma attack. I just sold it.
 Well, I am so happy for Howard and Bernadette.| Me, too. So, you ever think about it?
 Babies? Well, I’m not in a rush but someday, yeah, sure. What about you?| I think we’d make amazing parents.
 So Sheldon, there’s something I’ve been wanting to talk about but I know it’s kind of a touchy subject.| Way to narrow it down to everything.
 W, wait a minute. You mention his birthday and he vanishes?| Well, where’s that information been this whole time?
 Sheldon?| I’ll check his room.
 But it’s the one day a year that’s just all about you.| One day. Right.
 You know, if you had a party now, you have plenty of friends that would love to come.| And we live here, so we have no choice.
 He’s been fascinated with dinosaurs lately. Maybe we could get him a fossil.| Well, just don’t get anything Jurassic. He feels like that whole chunk of time has gone Hollywood. Hey, uh, you know, he told a sad story about how his sister tricked him into thinking Batman was coming to his party.
 That’s funny. Let’s do that.| Maybe we could get Batman to actually show up.
 You mean, some guy in a lame suit?| Or a real Batman. Hey, Stuart? Didn’t you try to get Adam West to do a signing here once?
 Yeah, but there was kind of a scheduling conflict. He, uh, wanted to know when he’d get paid. And I wouldn’t tell him.| Can I get his contact info?
 Sure, uh, but just so you know, he’s kind of a diva.| He is?
 Hey, so what was Adam West like on the phone?| Uh, nice guy. But it was a little weird to hear Batman say don’t ring the doorbell or my poodles will go crazy.
 What? He beat out George Clooney, and that’s something. Like, I love me some Clooney.| Don’t say that to anyone.
 I never had to say I’m Batman. I showed up, people knew I was Batman. Everywhere I went, on the TV show, mall openings, Julie Newmar’s bungalow.| I’m sold, you’re ahead of Bale.
 Can we just all agree we’re worried about Affleck?| Sure.
 Oh, I was happy to. He did come to my 60th.| Oh. You had a party for your 60th?
 Happy birthday!| Speech! Speech!
 Uh, um, uh, thank you all so much for coming. Beverly. Wil Wheaton. Adam West, for some reason.| Batman finally came to your party.
 Well, don’t you think I’m the one who should go in?| No offence, but I’ve known the guy a really long time.
 Well, I’ve, you know, seen him without pants on.| Again, no offence, but so have I.
 Well, he’s seen me without pants on.| Again, no…
 Leonard.| Hey.
 It’s been a while.| Leslie. I can’t remember the last time we talked. So much has changed.
 Has it?| Yeah, uh, um, Penny and I got married.
 Wow, congratulations. You know, actually, I thought you’d be living with Sheldon forever.| Yeah, well, don’t be a stranger.
 Barry, stop.| Seriously, Barry, stop.
 What? You gotta be kidding me?| Sheldon, we’ve been together so long, it’s hard to remember a time you weren’t in my life. And believe me, I try. You make me laugh. You make me a better scientist. You make me crazy. You’re more than just my roommate, you’re my brother.
 Thank you.| Happy birthday, buddy.
 Happy birthday, dear Sheldon.| Uh, Professor Hawking, if you just give us one second, we’ll light the candles, and we can all sing together.
 You know, I used to hate these hugs. Now they’re just extremely irritating.| Ready when you are, Professor Hawking.
 See, he’s not wearing a tie.| Well, he’s a patent attorney. Maybe his tie is pending.
 Excellent.| So what happens next?
 Oh, I don’t think there will be.| Yeah, we did our own search.
 Can you imagine if we make money with this?| If we do, I am splurging on the best sinus irrigator money can buy.
 I know when I’m beat.| Hold on, hold on. So the three of us do all the work and only end up with 25%?
 Dr. Hofstadter, this university has been paying your salaries for over ten years. Did you think we do that out of the goodness of our hearts?| Well, until you just said that mean thing, kinda.
 Well, that’s not fair. We should all get plaques.| Sorry, but we can’t sign this.
 Come on, let’s go.| Thank you for your time.
 Great, so they own my idea for a T-shirt that says Dumb as a Bag of Geologists.| Well, our choices are we do this with the university or we don’t do it at all.
 Either way, I get nothing.| Or, if we ended up making money from this, Sheldon and I could split our shares with you.
 I guess that is a way around this. You guys would be cool doing it like that?| Of course, we can split any profits three ways.
 It sounds like a, uh, contract might be in order.| Sure, we could write something up.
 So stipulated.| Once I found a stash of contracts under his bed. It was weird.
 I’ll say it looks good. It’s in my proprietary font, Shelvetica.| I want to say something obnoxious, but it is easy on the eyes.
 Well, to be fair, Howard’s idea was based on Sheldon’s math.| Guys, everyone is involved in thios, okay? Howard’s invention, Sheldon’s math, my original theory that space-time was like a supercooled liquid. Which I’m sure Penny would’ve mentioned if she wasn’t working on that hangnail right now.
 Hey, Leonard.| What?
 If she doesn’t think that we should apply for this patent, she’s being patently absurd.| Good one.
 Hello.| You guys all right?
 You know what, hang on. What if Sheldon had no choice but to be respectful?| What? Is there a switch on the back of his neck we don’t know about?
 Yeah, that, too. And scoot over. Part of your shadow’s on my spot.| Howard, what do you think?
 Article three, as it pertains to this project, Dr. Sheldon Cooper promises to abstain from all insulting or disrespectful language directed toward Howard Wolowitz, including but not limited to mockery of engineering, his height, his hair, his wardrobe, and his insane belief that the Ghost Rider movie was, quote, not that bad.| Hang on. Maybe there should be a no insult clause about me, too.
 Do you still like cilantro?| Yeah.
 25% of profits due to Sheldon Cooper will be allocated to a scholarship fund for the firstborn child of Howard and Bernadette Wolowitz. Sheldon, that’s so nice.| That beats the onesie I was gonna get them from baby Gap.
 Scientifically? A little over a year ago. LEGOs? Last week in my room.| If there was a Nobel Prize for Millennium Falcons that fall apart when you pick them up, we’d be set.
 Hey, guys.| Hey. What are you doing here?
 Yup, so we brought you some lunch and we are gonna go look for ’em.| Soup, sandwiches and emasculation, just like my mom used to make.
 So, how’s it goin’?| Good. Slow.
 Is there anything we can do to help?| You know what, this part isn’t that technical. You actually could.
 While we finish soldering these boards, it’d be great if you guys could wrap these pipe fittings with Teflon tape.| I’ll show you how to do one.
 Like this?| Yeah, perfect.
 Oh.| And it helps to have small, delicate fingers. So don’t be discouraged if you can’t do it as fast as me and Howard.
 I don’t know if we have enough solder to finish these circuit boards.| We had a full spool yesterday.
 Sometimes he solders at home with his shirt off. It’s like a beer commercial.| Well, we got to make a run to the hardware store.
 How can you call yourself a scientist and run out of solder?| Well, funny story. So, we have plenty of the 60/40 tin-to-lead ratio solder, but the spools look a lot like the 63/37 tin-to-lead…
 Yeah, you guys run to the store and let the women handle the science for a change.| Okay. We’ll be back as soon as we can.
 Remember when her fun was nightclubs and drinking games?| I know. I’m lowering the bar so slowly. This time next year she’ll have a coin collection.
 Excuse me. You guys interested in a free screening of an upcoming movie?| Oh. Sorry, we can’t.
 Wait. I bet it’s Suicide Squad. Let’s check it out.| What about the girls?
 Penny just said they’re having fun. Honestly, you want to wrap tape around a bunch of pipe fittings all afternoon?| Okay, we’ll take ’em. But, I swear, if it’s Will Smith in Shark Tale 2, it better be at least as good as the original.
 It’s not a problem.| I mean without lying.
 And now you’ve made it a problem.| Come on. We’re a couple of smart guys. I’m sure we can come up with a way to explain this that doesn’t make us look bad.
 But we’re gonna have to put the spare on before we go back.| Oh, you’re good at this.
 Hey, guys, thank you for being a part of our test screening. You’re about to be one of the first audiences to see Suicide Squad.| Hey, you were right.
 Uh, we’re gonna get started in a couple minutes. Enjoy.| Who are you texting?
 Raj. He really wants to see this movie.| He’ll never make it in time.
 I know. I want to make him feel bad.| Ha, ha. Leonard and I are about to see Suicide Squad. Spoiler alert, when I see you I’m gonna spoil it. You’re a good friend.
 Oh, man, when I come out of the closet, I’m gonna nail those guys. Yeah, I heard it. Shut up.| Hey.
 Hey, what’s this?| Listen, we did a stupid thing.
 We went to a movie and lied about it, but we feel bad and want to make it up to you.| So, these are for you, and if you’re not too mad, we’d love to take you guys to dinner.
 It’s nice to get back to nature. Why don’t I do this more often? What a beautiful forest. Hello, little butterfly. What’s your Na-oh!| Whatcha doing?
 Well, how would I know?| Why are you pretending to be outdoors? You hate it.
 Hmm? Oh. Amy showed me a compelling study that demonstrated the cognitive benefit of spending time in the wilderness.| Buddy, I am ready to drive you into the wilderness any time you want and leave you there.
 You know, there’s a cabin in Big Bear that a doctor I work with keeps offering me.| Because he’s hitting on you?
 She.| Oh, good.
 Excuse me. Here, look up fun, get back to me.| You and I could still go and have a nice weekend.
 Hey. Amy’s downstairs.| Okay, one sec.
 Uh, what, what you got goin’ on here?| I bought a baseball cap.
 I can see that. What team did you get?| Uh, Hufflepuff, from Harry Potter.
 I’m ready to go.| Anything you’d like to say to him?
 Thanks.| Why are you so mean to me?
 It’s so cute and rustic up here.| I know. Did you see they still have a video rental place? it’s like Colonial Williamsburg.
 Once. The battery ran out on my phone. I had to wait for my iPad to turn on.| I was afraid he was gonna eat me.
 This place is great.| So nice of that doctor to just let you use it.
 This sucks.| And there goes our hike.
 You know, we could still go. A little rain isn’t gonna kill us.| Have you been outside in the rain with Sheldon?
 No.| You’ll wish it would kill you.
 So what do we do now?| They have some board games.
 Ooh, that sounds cozy.| I don’t think I’ve lit a real fire before.
 Ah, it’s basic thermodynamics. I’m sure we can figure that out.| I could stack the logs conically to facilitate airflow.
 That would maximize oxygen for optimal combustion.| Right. So all we need is to…
 Got it.| A scientist made that.
 Not the drinking game, a drinking game.| To be fair, good at both.
 All right, it’s called Never Have I Ever. The rules are simple. Someone says something they’ve never done, but if you have done it, you take a drink.| I’ve never played that before.
 Very funny. Okay, never have I ever… yeah, you know what? Let’s just circle back.| Okay, I’ll go. Never have I ever been arrested.
 Well, I’m not proud of it, but I jaywalked.| Oh, no, it’s like a horror movie. We’re trapped in a cabin with a maniac.
 How?| Well, never have I ever used Sheldon’s toothbrush to clean the sink.
 Fine, is that how you want to play this? All right, never have I ever come up with a nickname for my own genitals.| Never should’ve told you about Alvin and the Chipmunks.
 Yeah, go ahead.| That’s right.
 I can’t believe this. You realize I make more money than you?| I don’t, I know, but this isn’t a big deal. It’s just a little savings I put aside.
 We’re married. We’re supposed to share everything.| What, you mean, like, your massive credit card debt?
 How long have you had this secret account?| A couple years, but I just put a few bucks aside every month for emergencies.
 Well, how much you got in there?| Six thousand four hundred and twenty seven dollars. Forty seven dollars once my nana’s birthday check gets here.
 My God, Leonard, do you know what I could do with that kind of money?| No, I do, and that’s why I hid it.
 What good is it if you don’t use it?| Uh, you have shoes you love, but never wear. I have money I love, but never spend. We’re kind of a cute couple that way. Again, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have kept it a secret.
 Well, I have a secret I’ve been keeping from you, too.| Is it a secret bank account? Because that would be awesome.
 I hate my job.| Really? Why?
 Because I don’t feel good flirting with doctors for sales. I mean, I know I make a lot of money. But I haven’t been happy for a while.| Why didn’t you tell me?
 Because I know how important it is to you that I’m having some success.| That’s not true.
 Okay, really? So you’d be fine if I went back to acting and waiting tables again?| If that’s what you want to do, yes.
 Well, it’s not what I want to do.| Oh, yes.
 Doesn’t matter what I want. Look, this job is gonna get me out of debt. So I’m gonna do the grown-up thing and see it through.| Well, that is the grown-up thing.
 I guess.| I love you.
 I love you, too.| You know, never have I ever made love in the forest while it was raining.
 I have a question about Batman. Batman is a man who dresses up like a bat. Man-bat is a part man, part bat hybrid. Now, if Man-Bat dressed up as a man to fight crime, would he be Man-Batman?| No, he’d be Bat-Man-Bat.
 Well, isn’t Man-Man just Man?| But what if Man-Man dressed as a bat?
 Well, that’s just Batman.| No, if a man dresses as a bat, that’s Batman, but if Man-Man dresses as a bat, that’s Batman-Man.
 Uh, actually I’m seeing both of them.| You mean like through their window from behind a bush?
 No, I’m actually dating two women. Later.| Really? The guy who for years couldn’t even talk to women is suddenly going out with two of them? How is that possible?
 I know. Scientists have tried to reproduce it with computational models, but, in each case, the world blows up.| Seriously, that guy’s dating two women?
 What, why did you get a party sub?| People are coming over, it looked fun.
 Well, we’re only watching Game of Thrones. A party sub implies it’s a party.| Your attendance implies it’s not.
 I like a party as much as the next man, as long as the next man doesn’t like a party. Oh, by the way, don’t forget, tomorrow is our quarterly roommate agreement meeting.| Oh, Sheldon, we don’t need a meeting every three months.
 Hmm? Well, it sounds like the kind of thing one would bring up at a quarterly roommate agreement meeting. Lucky for you it’s tomorrow.| Oh, you know what? I’m not going.
 Well, you have to go. It’s Penny’s first time leading the Pledge of Allegiance.| This meeting is a waste of time. Whether we make the switch from Post Raisin Bran to Kellogg’s Raisin Bran should not require parliamentary procedure.
 You realize one of them has sugar on the raisins.| You’re the only one who eats them.
 And yet you get to weigh in. Democracy, it’s pretty cool, isn’t it?| I’m not going, you can’t make me.
 Well, why the hell did I memorize the Pledge?| You have fun. I will not be attending.
 Oh, fine. We don’t have to have a roommate agreement meeting if you don’t want to.| Thank you.
 Of course, it will require a vote. Unfortunately, my official gavel is in my bedroom, but luckily, I have my travel gavel.| You’re being ridiculous.
 There’s a motion on the floor, I’m ridiculous. Do we have a second? Hmm? Hmm? There is no second. The motion is denied. Next time, make sure you have the votes first. That was embarrassing.| Can you please talk to him?
 Well, why are you fighting him on this?| Because I am tired of him always getting his way. We don’t need a stupid meeting. We don’t even need a roommate agreement, and I hope that sandwich does cause a party.
 Well, I should hope so. Tomorrow’s picture day.| Why are you taking his side?
 Uh-oh, somebody’s still pouting.| Leave me alone.
 If it’s because you lost a stick, I know where it went.| Not funny.
 You know you’re gonna make up with him. Can we just skip to that part?| Oh, of course, because I’m the only adult around here.
 Really? The only adult?| Yeah, that’s right.
 All right, you would think the only adult wouldn’t let something silly ruin our entire night.| And I’d think you’d understand why I’m annoyed.
 All this could be avoided if you’d just come to the meeting.| I don’t want to.
 Oh, it’s just a meeting. One simple meeting.| Stop saying meeting.
 Well, then you don’t understand what’s happening. See, Leonard refused to participate in a mandatory quarterly roommate agreement meeting. This is what a generation raised on Bart Simpson looks like.| You love The Simpsons.
 Gladly.| Oh, good, go. You know, it’ll be nice to watch an episode without someone saying, I read the books, don’t get too fond of this character.
 Don’t tell me where to go.| Howard, just come in here.
 So what the hell happened?| Oh, I just ran out of patience with Sheldon’s nonsense.
 Hey, Leonard.| Stuart.
 Uh, is this not a dress-up party?| No.
 Was it ever a dress-up party?| No.
 Yeah. Cap’n Crunch with Crunch Berries, move on.| Anyway, Amy, thank you for sticking up for me.
 Oh, I honestly couldn’t care less.| Sorry?
 Well, I just took your side ’cause sometimes I get annoyed at how close Sheldon and Penny are.| Well, they argue all the time. They aren’t that close.
 Who’s always comforting him when he’s upset?| Penny, but…
 Who’s the only one who can make him take his medicine when he’s sick?| I try to hide it in his peanut butter, but he spits it out.
 Okay. And did you know she has him add things to the roommate agreement so she can get her way and not fight with you about it?| Son of a bitch. Why is that funny?
 I don’t know. I like the pain of others.| Oh, well, then you’ll enjoy this. Bernadette does the same thing with you and Koothrappali.
 No, she doesn’t.| She defends him all the time.
 Well, she did. And human resources.| Who do you think told Koothrappali to go to human resources?
 Son of a bitch.| You’re, you’re right, it feels good.
 What’s up?| You know, you don’t need to use Sheldon to get your way with me in a dumb roommate agreement.
 Where’d you get that from?| From Amy.
 I don’t always defend Sheldon.| Oh, yes, you do. You know you have a weird brother-sister-Elliott-E.T. relationship with him.
 What about your weird relationship with him?| That’s different. I’m like the little girl in Poltergeist and he’s the creepy thing in the TV.
 Um, guys? Were there any nuts in that food?| I don’t think so. Why?
 There you go.| That’s true.
 Hey.| Hey.
 I’m fine. Just a little embarrassed I had to be carried down the stairs like a baby. Thanks.| Let’s get out of here.
 Don’t you guys have anything better to do?| Better than watching a guy in a fur cloak ride a girl’s bike? Nope.
 I never got to ask my question about Batman.| What is it?
 Oh, hey, if you guys are free this weekend, I won a night of wine tasting from work.| That sounds fun.
 Mm-hmm.| How come scientists don’t win free stuff like salespeople do?
 I would love to. I do enjoy the complexity of an aged Pinot noir.| I’m sure that would pair nicely with your fried nuggets of chicken.
 Oh, come on. Roller coasters, caffeine, runny eggs, I’ve been avoiding these things all my life. And now, because you’re pregnant, you have to.| The difference is she’s bringing life into the world, and you suck it out.
 Hey, you think it’d be okay if I brought Claire to the wine tasting?| Sure. I’d like to meet her.
 Funny how that worked out.| Does this mean Emily’s not in the picture anymore?
 No, I’m still dating her.| Okay, help me out. How are you doing this? Do they know about each other?
 You know, it’s like how I play Warlords of Ka’a with you and Elder Sign with Frank and Alicia.| Who’s Frank and Alicia?
 I am going to record this for posterity.| All right, here goes nothing.
 Here goes nothing? This is the initial test of our prototype. Can we give it a little more gravitas?| Fine. Preliminary trial of the infinite persistence gyroscopic navigational system, phase one commencing.
 Actually, it’s making me dizzy.| Good, it’s not just me.
 Hey, you ready to go?| Hang on.
 What are you doing?| Oh, I found a scratch-and-sniff book about wine tasting. It teaches the different flavour notes to look for.
 You actually smell the wine?| I mostly just smell my nasal spray.
 Are your sinuses acting up?| Since my preschool got a bunny.
 Oh, no bubble baths either. They can increase the risk of a urinary tract infection.| Okay, have fun.
 Oh, and no swordfish, king mackerel, shark or tilefish, which are all high in mercury.| We’re leaving now!
 I don’t know. I really don’t know.| Hey.
 Oh, she’s meeting us here. Hey, guys, do me a favour and don’t ask too many questions about the relationship. We’re just keeping it casual.| Oh, so I shouldn’t ask her how she feels about being a member of your harem?
 Also, uh, cherries?| I smell nothing.
 Really? Nothing?| Just a whole lot of Afrin.
 We did.| Yeah, mm-hmm.
 Cool. ‘Cause other than when you broke up with him and dated me, then broke up with me, and then dated me one more time before going back to him, I was always rooting for you two.| Thanks.
 We’ve actually been working on a prototype for a navigation system we invented.| But we won’t bore you with the details.
 Well, we’re using quantum vortices to replace gyroscopes in guidance systems.| What’s neat is that they can maintain angular momentum indefinitely.
 Yeah, but we didn’t create it for weapons.| And I doubt the military would be interested in our little guidance system.
 A lot.| Way better.
 Me, too.| Why didn’t you say something?
 Hey, Claire. Good, you’re here. Guys, this is my friend Claire. We’re casually dating, and there’s no need for any further questions about it.| Would you like a glass of wine?
 Take a step back? I’m not a young man any more.| No, I mean re-evaluate what we’re doing with the guidance system.
 But I got a baby on the way. I got to make some money.| What good is money gonna do if we inadvertently bring about Armageddon?
 Okay, let me stop you right there. We absolutely know our invention will not be used to destroy the world.| How?
 Because no one from the future has come back to kill us.| Very funny.
 You got something better?| Well, not really.
 Okay, then. Geez, how much wine did you drink?| Not a lot. I just couldn’t start until you walked away.
 Uh, you know, I’m not really around that much. Amy knows much more than I do.| I don’t think you have anything to worry about. Raj is a terrific guy, loyal to a fault.
 Morning.| Ugh. Too much wine.
 Oh, I overdid it myself last night. Hair of the dog.| Hey, did you ever think about the military applications for the guidance system?
 Of course.| Does it bother you?
 No, it did at first, but then I talked it through with Frank and Alicia, and they really helped put things into perspective.| Who are these people?
 Oh, that’s a Venn Diagram, and I remember because I thought to myself, venn is he gonna stop talking about this diagram?| What are you guys doing?
 Oh, well, we decided to use our breakfast time to expand our respective knowledge bases.| Oh, let me try.
 Okay.| Hmm, atom of hydrogen, Adam of Maroon 5, mic drop.
 I’m sorry, who is Mike Drop?| Oh, hey, Penny, do you want to go to the airport with me later to pick up my mother?
 Sure.| Thanks.
 No problem.| Hey, Penny, um, since you’re already gonna be at the airport, do I need to go?
 Why don’t you want to get your mother from the airport?| Well, I can do without the 40-minute car ride where she criticizes every aspect of my life.
 You really want me to pick up your mother all by myself?| Hmm, I just feel like it would be a good chance for you to bond.
 Or a way for you to avoid her?| I don’t know what he’s putting on those cards, but you are smarter than ever.
 Fine, if you really want me to, I will pick your mom up.| Seriously?
 Yeah, you know what, she is my mother-in-law, and I’d like for us to have a good relationship.| That is very mature of you, so I’m gonna go ahead and say, suckah.
 Oh, well, I have a few questions for him about the last Avengers movie, and a whole lot of answers.| When’s the screening?
 Let’s do it.| Penny’s busy with my mother, so I’m in.
 Oh, bad news. Amy’s making me go shopping with her later, so looks like none of us can go.| You do realize we’re allowed to have fun without you?
 You’re really going without me?| It’s not a big deal. Go shopping with Amy, and we’ll save a spot in line for you.
 You don’t have the authority to save places in the line. If I do that, I’ll be cutting.| People do it all the time.
 Yeah, sleeping under the stars with other fans who love the show as much as we do.| Waking up, wondering which one of those fans stole our wallets.
 Oh, well, that’s laying it on a little thick.| You think it’s time you apologize to her yourself?
 Hmm, maybe not. Leonard?| So, when the aliens brought you back, they just left the probe in?
 I’m back.| Hey, how’d it go?
 Did you see that? He just cut the line.| He’s just joining his friends; it’s fine.
 What if every person in front of us let someone cut?| We’d still get in.
 What if each of those people let someone cut?| Still get in.
 But then each of those people let someone cut?| We’d still get in, but first I’d hit you over the head with his stick chair.
 Excuse me.| Oh, please don’t.
 Well, no. It’s not cool. If there were reserved seating, and we all had tickets, that would be fine. But this line is first-come, first-served. Not show up tardy and nevertheless be first served. Right here.| No.
 Is this guy for real?| Boy, I wish I could say no.
 You know, right now, at the back of this line, there’s a movie fan like you who’s not going to get in, because this person simply doesn’t care. Yeah, well, 61 years ago, there was another person at the back of the line and her name was Rosa Parks.| Okay, you may have to pretend you’re black to get us out of here.
 Excuse me, I paid someone to wait in line for me, and then when I arrived, he left, so what you saw, my good woman, was swapsies, not cutsies. Oh, no, no, no, no, wait, I ask you all again, a show of hands. Who here takes issue… well, stop moving. he’s gonna get in.| Buddy, let it go.
 No, I can’t. This isn’t right.| You did everything you could.
 No, I could’ve done more.| Now, now, you denigrated the memory of a great civil rights pioneer. That’s all anyone could ask.
 Hi, how was the screening?| Oh, Sheldon invoked Rosa Parks to make somebody who cut the line feel bad, but only the white people felt bad.
 Ugh, I should’ve never bought him that colouring book that explains Black History Month.| How’d it go with my mother?
 Uh, you know, it started a little rocky, but I think we got to a good place.| Wow. Well done.
 Yeah, and when I dropped her off at the hotel, she even gave me a hug.| Did she think you were choking or… I’m sorry, that’s great. Thank you for spending time with her.
 No problem. Um, so listen, I don’t know if you have any plans next weekend, but I kind of promised your mom we’d have another wedding ceremony so she could attend this time.| Wait, we’re gonna get married again?
 Yeah, kind of, but now we can invite our friends and family.| Seems like a lot of trouble for a hug.
 Come on, it’ll be fun, and, you know, your mom was genuinely hurt we didn’t invite her to the first one.| Look, in our defence, it was kind of a spur of the moment thing, and also, we don’t like her.
 Leonard, come on, she’s your mom. If we can do something to make her happy, why wouldn’t we?| I just said why, we don’t like her.
 Hey, look, then forget about her, let’s do it for us. We could keep it small and informal. This time we can invite our families.| Is your brother out of prison?
 Thanks to overcrowding, yeah.| I’d love it if my dad could come.
 Oh, you have to invite him. I haven’t seen him since the divorce.| Oh, he’s like a different man. He stopped twitching, and I think he grew an inch and a half.
 How dare you invite your father without consulting me.| Sorry, but I don’t think I need your permission to have my father at my wedding.
 You do understand our marriage ended because he had an affair.| I know, and there’s no excuse for that.
 He claimed I was cold, emasculating, and hadn’t shown him any physical affection for years.| I was wrong, there’s three excuses for that.
 When are they gonna fix your elevator?| Uh, I don’t, any day now.
 Well, the stairs are fine. Besides, your mother is up there. Maybe I’ll have a heart attack and not have to see her.| Hey, I, I know things are a little rough with you and Mom, but I’m really glad you’re here.
 Me, too. I should have never had that angioplasty because I feel fine.| Penny’s really looking forward to seeing you.
 Ah, she’s a sweetie. You got a good one there, Leonard.| Thanks, Dad.
 Isn’t this nice?| Hey, we’re here.
 Thank you.| Dad, you remember Sheldon.
 Dr. Cooper.| This is Sheldon’s mother, Mary.
 Nice to meet you.| And his girlfriend, Amy.
 Hi.| And, of course, Mom.
 All right, now I’m starting to sense a little tension.| All right, you two, don’t start. Penny and I are throwing this second wedding for your benefit. Can you please not ruin it?
 Oh, look at that, you can apologize.| Mom.
 Although Alfred and I had a lot more going for us than you two.| Mom, please save something for the toast.
 Yeah.| Is that Howard in front of us?
 Well, why is he turning here? The restaurant’s the other way.| I don’t know. He uses that traffic app. Maybe there’s an accident.
 Well, go faster. You’re losing him.| What is his hurry?
 Yeah, I do. They’re filling up on bread and ruining their meal.| Hey.
 What took you guys so long?| Oh, we were following Howard, but for some reason, he turned off his headlights and went up a one-way street.
 He’s also broke. Did he mention that?| Okay, Mom, you sit over there.
 I’d be lost without you.| Uh, I would like to propose a toast to my wife and bride-to-be.
 Back to your phone.| Penny, I’ve always known I loved you, but this last year has shown me that I also love being married to you. Thank you for saying yes.
 Hear, hear.| Cheers.
 Leonard, if you don’t mind, I, I think I’m a little tired. I’m gonna call it a night.| Sure, Dad.
 I think that you could.| What is happening there?
 She’s still not answering.| My father’s not texting me back.
 I don’t like this at all.| I don’t like it either.
 Leonard? Leonard?| What?
 You realize you and I could become brothers.| We’re not gonna be brothers. We’re not gonna be stepbrothers. Go to sleep.
 I hope you’re right. ‘Cause a grown man living with his brother and his brother’s wife is weird.| Go to sleep.
 Okay. Do you think your father’s doing unspeakable things to my mother?| No.
 Very well.| I’m sorry if this stuff is gonna make the ceremony awkward.
 Okay, I’m gonna go pick up my family. Like an hour and half, two hours, depending on traffic.| Yeah, drive safe. 
 I wanted to thank you for going through all the trouble of planning a second wedding ceremony for me, but unfortunately I cannot attend.| Well, why? What’s wrong?
 And turned their phones off.| Not helping, buddy. Mother, Penny and I really want you to be part of this. Please stay.
 Thank you.| I’m glad you decided to stay. It’s gonna be special for Penny and me to share this with you.
 All right, so less or equally awkward, got it.| Hey, guys, come on in.
 Look, I promise you, neither I, nor anyone, has ever said that.| You don’t know his girlfriend very well.
 A man named Jesus convinced you to build a church in Africa. You’re kind of a sucker.| Well, nothing happened, right? It’s over. Until we get married a third time, you guys will never have to see each other again.
 Oh, not at all. Mary happens to be a wonderful woman. And if it antagonizes you, that’s just a bonus.| Mary, I’m sorry you’re in the middle of this.
 What? But he’s a mediocre academic. And according to Beverley, his sexual prowess is sub-par. He’s basically Leonard with a bigger prostate.| Are you saying that my dad’s not good enough for your mom?
 Yes, while also getting in a solid dig at you. Pretty efficient, huh?| This is ridiculous. I’m going across the hall.
 But why should you get to go and leave me here with your bickering parents?| Fine, then you go.
 I’ll go with you.| That still leaves me here with him.
 It’s called getting caught, Mother.| Hello.
 Oh, Leonard. It’s so nice to see you again.| Oh, you, too. Hey, everyone, this is my mother, Beverley.
 Prepare to be disappointed.| And he can’t wait to meet you, too. Can I get anyone a drink?
 Okay, I understand everyone’s a little tense today, so I am just gonna get to the important stuff. Leonard, standing here with you in front of our family and friends is bringing up a lot of feelings. Like what a good idea it was to elope the first time. But also how incredibly happy you make me. Thank you for marrying me. Hopefully for the last time.| Penny, as a scientist, my job is to figure out why things happen. But I don’t think I’ll ever understand how someone like me could get to be with someone like you. You know, maybe I don’t
 Oh.| Thank you.
 Thank you for taking us to the airport.| Hey, I’m just thrilled we’re all getting along for a minute.
 Well, that’s a solid line. He can’t cross that.| That’s okay. I can make it over.
 Do the world a favour, and don’t wake up tomorrow morning.| That was almost a minute.
 Look at this. Elon Musk has a theory that we’re all just characters in some advanced civilization’s video game.| So some alien kid spent his money on the asthma-and-glasses upgrade for me?
 The Air Force contacted me about our quantum gyroscope. They want to have a meeting.| Really?
 To a white guy born here, no. If you are a brown guy whose name has a lot of syllables in it, terrifying.| You realize if the military declares our research classified, they can take the whole thing away from us.
 And if that happens, we’ll never be able to sell it commercially.| There goes our big payday.
 I was counting on that money. I need to make as much as my wife so I don’t have to try so hard in bed.| You do that, too?
 Wail till I Snapchat that my friends might be working on a top secret government project.| Are you crazy? You can’t put that on Snapchat.
 You know, maybe before our meeting we should talk to a lawyer.| That’s not a bad idea.
 We don’t need Howard’s cousin. No, we have me. | You’re not a lawyer, Sheldon, you’re just a know-it-all.
 I am not a know-it-all. I’m a person who knows lots of things and likes to correct other people when they’re wrong.| That’s the definition of being a know-it-all.
 Well, I married a little Catholic girl, so we’re even. Anyway, this is Leonard and Sheldon. The three of us came up with the guidance system.| Hi. 
 Oh, I’m not on the patent. I’m just here because there’s a bumblebee in my office.| I saw it. It’s big.
 Marty, let me call you back.| Someday, when I’m up on murder charges, you’ll be hearing from me.
 I don’t understand why I can’t talk at this meeting.| ‘Cause when you talk, it enrages people.
 Okay. Quick question. Am I allowed to exchange pleasantries upon meeting this colonel?| Yes.
 Am I allowed to inform him that Colonel Sanders was never actually in the military?| I’m getting enraged.
 No.| Don’t speak.
 Gentlemen, I’m Colonel Williams. Thank you for meeting with me.| Hi.
 And because of the quantum vortices, this can run perpetually?| Exactly. Yeah, you have a good grasp of the physics.
 Better. I’m an engineer.| Where did you go to school?
 Oh, well, let me put your mind at ease. What we use it for is none of your business.| I don’t know how I feel about this.
 Look, guys, it’s just a guidance system. It’s not like you’re handing us the Death Star from Star Trek. All you need to worry about is, right now, it’s this big, and we need it to be this big.| That’s a lot less big.
 Well, maybe. I don’t know. We’ll have to work 12 hours a day, seven days a week.| Which means I won’t be able to make Penny breakfast every day, and she’ll realize my brioche French toast was the only thing keeping her in the marriage.
 I love your French toast.| Oh, thanks, man. 
 And you just let him?| Well, the colonel said it was for the good of the country, and the funding is substantial.
 So I guess I won’t be seeing you guys for a while.| Oh, looks like it.
 Maybe that’s because it’s classified.| Wish we weren’t so far from my parking space.
 The way you put away those lemon bars, perhaps that’s a good thing.| I’d like to reinstate the you-not-talking rule.
 I guess this is it. | Is that a retinal scanner?
 Howard Wolowitz, access granted.| No way.
 Impressive.| Oh, my turn, my turn.
 Leonard Hofstadter, access granted.| I didn’t even have to take my glasses off/
 It’s pretty late. You think I’ve got time to run some more simulations on the cooling system?| Sure, I’m still figuring out the thermo-acoustic expander.
 Hey, hey, hey, you’re not going anywhere.| We only have two months to deliver this to the Air Force because of you.
 And look how irritable it’s making you!| Guys, we’re not gonna get anything done if we start fighting. Now, can you please try
 I had a bad dream that my best friend became a tyrant and forced me to stay up all night to work.| Oh, I had a good dream that when I carried you to bed, I let your head hit the wall and I laughed.
 Good morning.| What is this?
 Well, we didn’t see you last night, we’re not gonna see you today, so we thought we could have breakfast together.| Oh, that is so nice.
 Ow, it does hurt.| So, what are you guys gonna do today?
 It’s okay, I’ll still go.| You don’t think you’ll be bored?
 Why is it taking him so long to get a drink out of a vending machine?| Oh, it’s complicated. He finds pushing that little door and reaching up into the machine
 Gentlemen, I am ready to work. To quote The Martian, let’s science the faeces out of this. That’s The Martian the book and The Martian the movie, not Marvin the Martian. Although to quote Marvin the Martian, I claim this planet in the name of Mars.| Are you okay?
 Maybe we should break for lunch. What time is it?| According to the world’s worst cuckoo clock, it’s two.
 No, I can do this. I just, I just need another energy drink. Oh, no.| What?
 I want another one.| So?
 That’s a craving. That’s a sign of chemical dependency.| You only had one.
 You want to bet? Oh, great, now I’m addicted to gambling.| We can’t afford to lose any more time.
 Well, this probably won’t work, but has anyone ever tried to just haul off and whup the crazy out of him?| That’s not helpful. It’s fun to think about, but it’s not helpful. Hey, Sheldon, we are on a serious time crunch. We can’t do this without you. Can you please pull it together?
 I’m sorry. Yes, of course.| Thank you.
 Uh, you’re really going to have caffeine in front of me when I’m trying to get my life back on track?| Uh, okay, let’s pretend you do have a problem.
 I do.| You don’t.
 Yeah, but I do.| No, you don’t. But let’s say you do. And don’t say you do, because you don’t. Now, wouldn’t you think that throwing yourself into your work would be the best way to deal with it?
 With what?| Your problem.
 Leonard, can I ask you a question?| Is it about the rotational symmetries you should be figuring out or your fake caffeine problem?
 All right, I’ll just toss this out to the room. Um, I was thinking that the best way to fight my addiction is by weaning myself off in steps. Now, I couldn’t find a caffeine patch, but I did find what claims to be a mind-boosting caffeine suppository. You know, the interesting fact about the rectum…| Sheldon. We are dealing with an impossible deadline from the Air Force because of you. So have an energy drink, don’t have an energy drink. Order suppositories and shove ’em wherever you want, I don’t care.
 You don’t shove them. They come with an easy-glide applicator.| Right. Listen to me. We can’t do anything until you do your part. So get up in front of this whiteboard and do it.
 I can’t.| Yes, you can.
 No, I can’t figure out the math. I’ve been racking my brain for days, and I’ve got nothing.| Seriously?
 I can’t do it. I’m not as smart as I think I am. I’m so sorry. This is all my fault.| It’s okay, we’ll figure something out.
 Well, you could try starting with sir.| Right. Sorry, sir.
 He said start with it, not end with it.| Sir.
 The computations required to overcome the deployability issues are more significant than we thought.| I understand that we’re under contract, and I don’t know what the consequences of violating that are, but, uh, we’re not gonna be able to deliver in the time we promised.
 What, you think you’re the first government contractor who isn’t gonna deliver on time? We’re still waiting for a big space laser Reagan ordered to beat the commies.| Thanks for understanding, sir.
 And there was water everywhere, it was such a mess.| That stinks. How long are you out of the apartment?
 They didn’t say.| Buildings that have a combination of copper and galvanized steel are susceptible to pinholes and corrosion caused by the mobility of ions in the water. Can’t have your head shoved in a toilet as much as I did and not pick up a few things about plumbing.
 No, not at all.| And we live with Sheldon, so the word inconvenience has really lost all meaning.
 Oh, my, this is a big step.| Mm-hmm. For two of us, it’s in the right direction.
 Cohabitation with my girlfriend? That’s a great deal to process.| It’s only for five weeks.
 Yeah, but what happens when we each get a peek behind the curtain? I mean, she’s never even seen me unshaven.| You just shaved yesterday. You’re good for three months.
 Don’t try luring me in with sexy talk.| Okay. Star Trek, the original series, the Enterprise was on a five-year mission to explore new worlds. Think of this as your personal five-week mission to do the same.
 Interesting. If my official residence were across the hall, I wonder if I’d need to knock every time I came over here.| That’s a good question. Maybe just don’t come over.
 You’re darn right, you wouldn’t. No matter where I am, this will always be my spot. Like an embassy in a foreign country, this seat is the sovereign soil of my bottom.| Just nod and smile. He’s almost gone.
 You’ve been roommates with Sheldon forever. Do you have any advice?| I’m trying to think of an answer that won’t stop you from doing this. 
 I know it sounds like a cliché, but compromise is key. | Never leave a belt on the floor. At night, they look like snakes.
 Do little things, like bring her a cup of coffee in bed.| Keep M&M’S in your pocket in case you have to wait in a long line.
 You’re gonna be seeing each other a lot, so respect each other’s personal space.| He startles easily, so, please, no flash photography.
 Enjoy having the place to yourselves.| You enjoy your mission to boldly go where no man has gone before.
 I guess this is it.| You guys have fun.
 Oh. Oh, and every other day, check the water level on the avocado pit.| I’m on it. 15 years from now, we’ll make guacamole together.
 Oh. Bye.| Good night.
 Wow. I cannot believe we are alone in our own apartment.| It’s weird. This must be how parents feel when their kid goes off to college. Unless they feel sad, then it’s different.
 So, what do you want to do?| I know exactly what we are gonna do.
 Really? You’re a genius, and that’s the first thing you come up with?| Hey, Sheldon’s not here, so we are going to put on music and dance in our underwear.
 Ugh. Can we just have sex?| Oh, don’t worry. Once you see my sweet moves, sex is inevitable.
 Inevitable, you say?| I’ll just let my hips do the talkin’.
 Wow, where did you learn these moves?| The world may have forgotten about Dance Dance Revolution, but not this smooth criminal.
 I told you not to do the worm.| You were right. 
 It’s not what you think.| I feel like I pulled something. Why didn’t you tell me to stop?
 I don’t know if I can make it through five weeks living with him.| If you ever need a break, the owner of the train store will let you leave him there while you get a coffee.
 Was that a science diss?| Yeah.
 Was it a good one?| Eh.
 I feel like I should say damn.| Do it.
 Okay, I’m confused. Which one is Mr. Robot?| I’ll give you a hint. We’re watching Daredevil.
 Can’t.| Won’t.
 Didn’t.| Don’t.
 Believe me, we know what you’re going through.| And I think the most helpful thing we can tell you is no backsies.
 Oh, look who’s in favour of compromise, the woman who married Leonard Hofstadter.| Hey, she didn’t compromise. She settled. There’s a difference.
 I hope one of those people is a monkey, ’cause this is bananas.| Hey, you can make jokes, but if this keeps up, he’s gonna move back in here.
 All right. Well, let’s just get them apart for a while so they can cool down.| Good. Then before we reintroduce them, we’ll give him one of her sweaters so he can get used to her scent again.
 So it’s okay for you to joke around?| No, that’s actually what we did with him when Howard came back from space.
 Why is nothing easy with him?| Look, here’s the thing you need to understand about Sheldon. He’s the worst.
 I prefer to think of it as high-maintenance.| I prefer to think of myself as five-ten, but I still need to get all my pants hemmed.
 I guess I should have known what I was getting myself into.| Don’t beat yourself up. You’ve never lived with anyone before.
 That’s true.| And you’re starting out with Sheldon Cooper. That’s like getting your first pet and having it be, I don’t know, what’s a kind of pet that ruins your life?
 You’re not making me feel better.| Look, even when Penny and I started living together, there was a learning curve. But I promise you, it does get easier.
 He put a sign up in the bathroom that says, number of days without Amy’s hair on the soap.| Yeah. My record was six.
 Maybe I should just give in to his stupid bathroom schedule.| No, don’t do that.
 It’s just so much easier to give him what he wants.| Oh, true, but think of how much you’ve accomplished. Who got him to stop Purelling his pocket change?
 Me.| And who got him to put things other than gloves in the glove compartment?
 Me. It was mittens.| And who got him to try a turkey dog?
 That was actually Koothrappali, but I did let him spit it out in my hand.| How can you stop now? That’s like walking out of Pinocchio right before he becomes a real boy.
 You know, you’re right. I’m in this relationship, too. I need to stand up for myself.| Of course you do.
 And if he doesn’t like it, he can move back here.| Oh. He can try. He’d just need a good locksmith.
 Hello.| How you guys doing?
 Oh. Really?| Why does she get that? We never got that.
 Do you want him back?| I’m very happy for you.
 I would love to.| Did we really need to be here for this?
 Hey, have you ever heard of the Van Nuys Comic-Con?| ‭Yeah. It’s a dinky little convention where they sell collectibles and get sad D-list celebrities to appear. Why?
 I got asked to sign autographs there.| That’s awesome. Is this for Serial Ape-ist?
 Well, it could be for the monkey movie. It could be my haemorrhoid commercial. The list does not go on.| When is it?
 It doesn’t matter. I’m not doing it.| What? Why not?
 You just said yourself, it’s sad.| Yeah, but it’s not pathetic, that’s where I draw the line. Come on, we’ll have fun.
 I don’t know.| You’ll have nerds fawning all over you. If you don’t love that, this marriage is in trouble.
 I guess it wouldn’t hurt to meet some fans and make a little extra money.| Yeah. Wow, An appearance by George Lucas… ‘s dermatologist. Oh, I want that autograph.
 What’s all this?| Oh, everything we need for your autograph session, head shots, markers.
 Okay. Leonard, it’s sweet you’re excited about this, but it’ll be a miracle if one person asks for my autograph.| Are you kidding? I once paid twenty dollars for Theo Sassler’s signature.
 Who’s that?| Oh, I don’t even know. I just liked his name. Theo Sassler. Okay, and look at this. I even got a change maker. How much change you want, little lady?
 Oh, there’s so much I want to change.| Yeah, well, if it’s a dollar, you’re in luck.
 Really? I feel like I’m selling candy so our team can get new uniforms.| Okay, so it’s four seventy-five for a signed black-and-white and nine ninety-five for a colour. 
 Alright, why not five and ten bucks?| Well, I brought my moneymaker. Let me shake it. 
 Hey, that guy’s looking over here. | Oh. You think he’s your first autograph?
 Your love confuses me. | Would you like an autograph?
 That did not clear things up.| That’ll be four seventy-five.
 Keep the change.| But I-I-I, oh. Nothing about that was good.
 Yep, there they are.| Okay, let’s keep it moving.
 Here you go. | Should’ve punched that guy.
 Well, go ahead. He’s right over there.| Why do you do that? Can’t you let me have my moment?
 And, uh, could you be giving me a kiss?| No. She cannot kiss. What is wrong with you people?
 Leonard…| No, no, no. It’s not okay.
 Who are you?| I’m her husband.
 No, you’re not.| I am.
 But how did you get her to go out with you?| Well, she moved in across the hall.
 And he started to slowly wear me down.| Like a river carves a canyon.
 I think it’s hot.| That’s right. I’m her change daddy.
 Oh. Whoa. I didn’t know you can propose to the same person so many times.| The third time I did it in skywriting, but she never looked up.
 You know, once, I proposed to him.| Yeah. I said no.
 Why?| I just wanted to make her work for it.
 Hang on. Is she just with you because you’re rich?| She makes more money than I do.
 I can’t believe I’m saying this, but can we watch the news or something?| It’s cute, they’re having fun living together.
 Actually, it’s been ready for weeks.| What do you mean?
 Well, they finished the work early, but she’s been telling Sheldon they’re behind schedule.| So, she’s just been lying to him?
 Well, you’ve lied to Sheldon.| Yeah, but to make him leave, not to make him stay.
 I’m serious, JPL’s actually developing a robot arm that could grab an asteroid before it hits us.| So their plan for saving the Earth from Armageddon is hoping a bunch of scientists can catch a ball?
 If we’re all gonna die, why am I eating so much kale?| You’re awful quiet, everything okay?
 Her behaviour. No, I have the feeling that she’s hiding something.| I wouldn’t worry about it. She’s probably just distracted by work.
 Why would she keep something from me, you know? I shared my body with that woman. And my Netflix password. They recommended Stella Got Her Groove Back because of her.| Buddy, buddy, listen, nothing bad is going on, she just, she just didn’t want you to know that the work on her apartment was finished a couple weeks ago.
 I don’t understand.| She’s enjoying living with you and she didn’t want it to end early.
 So, she’s deceiving me in order to spend more time with me?| Yes.
 Oh my God, that’s who you look like.| Sheldon, this is not a big deal. It’s a little white lie, everyone does it.
 Don’t do that, you’ve got gold here. Hang onto it until you’re in trouble and then throw it in her face.| Why would you tell him that? That’s terrible advice.
 So you wouldn’t want to have anything on Penny?| Well, of course not.
 So, if I actually know something right now, and I do, you don’t want me to tell you?| Uh, no. 
 I’ll take that as a yes. She’s secretly been moving your collectibles into storage a little at a time and you haven’t noticed.| Are you kidding me?
 Your Klingon word-of-the-day calendar’s gone.| I’d say damn it in Klingon, but that wasn’t until next month.
 It’s khoo-vakh. | Khoo-vakh! She took my Where’s Waldo.
 No, no, he’s over there.| Oh, yeah, there he is.
 Are you going to confront Penny?| Eventually, I guess. Although, I am kind of curious how long she thinks she can keep hiding my stuff without me knowing.
 Hmm. You know, perhaps instead of confronting them, we should see how far they’re willing to spin their tangled webs. Like that Spider-Man action figure that used to be on your desk.| Oh, my God, I’m going blind.
 jlyajbe’. DaH nep’a’ Penny? (I don’t understand, is Penny lying?)| jISovbe’ (I don’t know.)
 Dayaj’a’ (Do you understand them?)| ghobe’ (No.)
 Okay. That’s enough. You know what? What is going on?| Fine, I told Sheldon that her apartment’s been finished, but then you just said it’s not, so now I’m all confused.
 Uh, she’s enjoyed living with you. It’s called being in love.| Mm-hmm, and what’s it called when you secretly get rid of all your husband’s stuff?
 What? Tha… That is not true.| Bernadette told Howard, Howard told me, plus, I can see all my stuff is gone.
 Oh, so, you believe your friend, and your friend’s wife and your own eyes over me? Wow.| You really didn’t think I’d notice my stuff was missing?
 Uh, did you notice your key chain?| Where’s Batman?
 It’s all right.| And?
 That’s a great idea.| Ooh, maybe I could turn it into a gaming den.
 Wuh wuh hold on, excuse me, that’s my room.| But you won’t be living here.
 But that’s my room.| But you won’t be living here.
 But that’s my room.| You guys might want to start eating. But you won’t be living here.
 Thank you.| Which is why I got you this Pink Power Ranger. Put it anywhere you like.
 Okay, but you may feel some discomfort.| I’m kidding, I want you to feel at home here. Decorate it any way that makes you happy.
 Do you really mean that?| I really do.
 Great, and just so you know, I’m not getting rid of all your stuff.| Yeah? What are you keeping?
 That candle and you.| What about my robot poster?
 That’s my girl. What on earth? What is going on?| Oh, hey, Sheldon.
 Gentlemen, please, this is a significant decision. Now, do Amy and I continue living together? Or do I move back in with Leonard?| Over my assless chaps you will.
 Yes.| Do you know what you need to do now?
 Okay. Open your eyes and see your new room.| Wow.
 I know I went a little overboard. We can always dial it back.| No, no, no, no, no, it’s, it’s important to me that you have the bedroom you want.
 Oh, that means so much. I love you.| I love you, too.
 Oh, no, that’s mine.| Really? The last green thing I saw you eat was a Skittle.
 All right.| How’s that broccoli?
 Yes, in the telescope room.| Oh, so she’s an astronomer?
 No, no, this is brand new. We haven’t even been on a proper date yet.| Okay, well, good luck with it.
 How come you never eat broccoli?| I’m married, I don’t have to be attractive.
 No. He was explicit. Needlessly and freakishly explicit.| Why does he need a baby? He’s already hairless and smells like talcum powder.
 Well, there is a genetic component, but that doesn’t guarantee anything.| That’s true. Sheldon’s father once picked a fight with a cactus.
 Yeah, but that’s just his Earth parents. We don’t know anything about the ones that sent him here.| Well, we know they were smart enough to send him away.
 Ooh, Sheldon gonna get some.| Well, have fun with whatever nightmare’s behind door number two.
 It was like being hit on by Rat Pack Pee-wee Herman.| I’m sorry, is that a yes?
 Thank you very much. Thanks.| That is unbelievable. Good for Bert.
 Everything is stupid and I want to go home.| That’s Sheldon’s way of saying he’s proud of Bert, too.
 Hey, it’s not even called the Genius Grant, it’s the MacArthur Fellowship. Just like it’s not Frankenstein, it’s Frankenstein’s Monster. Which brings us back to that hulking simpleton over there. And if anyone’s a genius, it’s me for the way I brought that full circle.| How much money did he win?
 Over half a million dollars.| Wow.
 Here he comes.| Right. Be polite.
 Hey, congratulations Bert.| Yeah, good for you.
 Some genius. I zinged him with sarcasm, he didn’t even notice.| I know, and it was the greatest sarcastic quip I’ve ever heard.
 Who leaves their bike in the hallway? You know, if I knew how to ride one, I’d steal it.| Ignore him, he’s just cranky because Bert from the geology lab won a big grant.
 Bert is studying the way microbes in rocks can survive in extreme environmental conditions.| They say it could be a potential indicator of life on other planets.
 Ooh, ooh, ooh, angry?| What are you doing?
 I, I knew the answer. I got excited.| Hey, buddy, why don’t we go for a walk, so you can calm down.
 That’s a good idea. I guess everyone’s having them now.| Hey, I’m trying to help you.
 Fine. You can walk ahead of me and scare off the pigeons.| You just wave your arms a little and they fly away, it’s not…
 I admire you, Leonard.| Really, why?
 You’re happy with who you are. You don’t get jealous of other people. Instead of being weighed down by ambition, you just float along like a dead body in a river.| I couldn’t just take the compliment. I had to ask why. You know, I do understand what you’re feeling. My brother and sister’s accomplishments have always been held over my head.
 How did you deal with it?| I wet the bed until college, but I don’t think that’s a quality fix.
 I can’t believe I was surpassed by a geologist. I mean, rocks. He studies rocks. If rock is so great, how come paper beats it? Leonard, I’m having a primal urge to throw this rock.| Do it. Visualize it as your anger and, and toss it out of your life.
 Perhaps I will. This rock encapsulates all my negative emotions. I will cast you far away. Feel free to take out a pigeon while you’re at it.| Let it fly.
 I tried to let go of anger and threw a rock into my foot.| Then he got more angry and kicked the rock with his other foot.
 Well, and what happened to you?| Oh, I laughed so hard, I burst a blood vessel in my nose. It’s fine.
 You know, it’s one thing to be envious, but now you’re injuring yourself. It has to stop.| Although if you are gonna do it again, please let me know, so I can get it on video.
 Anybody else want to try? I’m gonna go make some more tea and question my life choices.| You’re up.
 Really?| If it helps, I’m questioning your life choices, too.
 Do you think this is in poor taste?| Does it spin around and do tricks?
 Yeah| Then yeah.
 Well, it’s a new day. I have a new outlook. You know, I realized I don’t need to worry about other people. I just need to think more about myself.| Oh, how will we ever get used to the new you?
 What is going on? Did you upgrade his software last night?| I think he might be learning on his own.
 I can’t imagine you being violent.| It’s not hard. Just picture the Three Stooges, and then take away two stooges.
 Sure.| I’ve always been jealous of how much money Raj’s family has.
 You liked my short hair, right?| Yeah. I loved it. Love you, love the hair, would love to change the subject.
 Sorry I’m moving slowly.| Oh, I don’t mind. If you pull a butterscotch out of your pocket, it would be like I’m walking with my grandma.
 Oh, no. A plaque? Nobody wants to see this.| Well, change plaque to mixed-race couple and you are my grandma.
 I didn’t punch him. He turned around, and I gave him a Captain Kirk karate chop. I’m not even sure he knows I did it.| Hey, Sheldon, I’ve got someone here who might make you feel better.
 I remind myself every scientific advancement is a victory. Also, I was on Star Trek.| Oh, it was a good one. He played poker with Sir Isaac, you don’t care.
 What a wonderful idea, how does this man not have a Nobel?| Do not tell Wolowitz.
 Uh, we ran out of candy on Halloween, I was just giving everything away.| Hey, guys, what are you, oh, that’s here, cool.
 I seem to be losing.| Yes, you do.
 Wonderful, Longclaw is mine. And how about you keep our avocado plant?| Sounds right, a limited edition collectible worth hundreds of dollars and a thing that grew out of a thing we fished from the trash.
 Although, Amy and I did just move in together, and a plant is a lovely housewarming gift.| Fine, take the plant.
 Oh. Remember when we got this at Comic-Con?| Oh, yeah. The Mr. Spock cuckoo clock.
 Well, Leonard, you know, who should keep this? On the one hand, I love Mr. Spock more than you do. On the other hand, I care more about clocks than you do.| So you think you should keep it?
 I’ll be right across the hall. You’ll probably be able to hear it.| Keep the clock, Sheldon.
 Oh, now, what about our 3-D chess set?| Let me guess, you want it.
 Well, no, I just didn’t think you’d want a physical reminder of a game you never managed to win. As a kindness, I should probably take all the games.| You know what, Sheldon, take it. In fact, you can have everything, I really don’t care.
 Are you sure? These items represent our shared times together.| Well, now they’re yours.
 Leonard.| Well, you know what’s gonna happen, he’s just gonna come up with some reason why everything should be his.
 It’s not my fault I’m bad at sharing, I skipped kindergarten.| You know what? There is one thing I would like.
 Yeah, take whatever you want.| I would like to keep the official flag of our apartment.
 But you don’t even like flags.| Yeah, I like this one.
 But I designed it.| But you made me order it because you were too well-known in the flag community and they’d jack up the price.
 But you don’t even understand its symbolism.| Oh, I do. The, the field of blue represents you being miserable, and the lion sticking its tongue out means I’m happy about it.
 Uh, hang on. I don’t think so, I’m clicking on one weird trick for a flat belly, but I’m still seeing celebrities who look like their pets.| Oh, I knew it, Sheldon changed the password.
 Are you sure?| Well, the new network name is ha ha ha, now I’ve got you, so it’s either Sheldon or Gargamel from The Smurfs.
 What a jerk.| You’re good at revenge, how do we get him back?
 Well, my go-to move is usually sleep with the person’s boyfriend, but I kind of feel like I’m already doing that.| Sheldon, I know what you did, now change the password back.
 Well, powder me in sugar and call me a doughnut, if it isn’t Leonard Hofstadter.| Sheldon, I’m warning you, I can play this game, too.
 If it’s like your 3-D chess game, then you’re out of your length, width and depth. Amy, get the Neosporin, somebody just got burned.| All right, I tried.
 What do you think you’re doing?| Separating my delicates.
 This is the level you’re stooping to.| No. This is the level I am stooping to. I believe that is flag to crotch four, checkmate. Easy-peasy, ooh, so breezy.
 I think I’m gonna go for a run, you want to come?| No, last time that old lady in the park kept screaming, watch out, he’s right behind you. Hello?
 Hey, how you doing?| Uh, can I help you?
 Oh, I rented a room from your neighbour, the tall guy dressed like a little boy.| Unbelievable. Okay, uh, I don’t know what he told you, but you can’t stay here.
 So, there are fresh linens on the bed and, oh, well, now, I see you’ve met Theodore. Theodore, these are your new room mates, Leonard and Penny. They’re very honest, but I would not leave cash lying around.| Sheldon, what do you think you’re doing? 
 What do you think? Should we go to a hotel?| And just leave him here alone?
 Okay, I’ll go to a hotel. Text me in the morning if you’re still alive.| Uh, Theodore, how long are you planning to stay exactly?
 Oh, thanks to the coins I found in your couch, a day longer than I thought.| This is ridiculous.
 I like the painting. Is that your mom?| Sheldon, get out here.
 Will you keep it down? What kind of vengeful bed and breakfast do you think I’m running?| We lived together 13 years. How can you be so awful to me?
 I’m being awful? You’re the one who went out of your way to hurt me.| Because you were being selfish.
 Dividing our belongings is difficult.| Why? I said I didn’t care.
 Excuse me. It’s none of my business, but it sounds like a lot of this anger is coming from love.| Yeah, thanks, but nobody asked you.
 I have to admit, leaving you to move in with Amy has been harder than I thought it would be.| Well, for me, too. It’s not the same with you gone.
 If you’re looking for a new guy to live with.| No. 
 Leonard, I would like us to stop fighting about our possessions.| Well, I’d like that, too. 
 In fact, I want you to keep the apartment flag, and I’m not just saying that because it touched your genitals.| You promise?
 Little lower to the left. A little more.| Good?
 No, still hideous.| Well, I’m sure at some point, we won’t even notice it’s there.
 Wolowitz might hand out cigars. I had to find my bubble gum cigar so I could join in without looking foolish.| Damn, I need my inhaler.
 Just don’t smoke.| No, I went down the stairs too fast.
 I’m starting to rethink the Flash onesie I bought this kid.| I found it, but it’s empty.
 Well, it doesn’t matter. We’re not going to the hospital now.| Are you sure? I’d really like to.
 Well.| Okay, I can breathe again. Babe, they want to have sex.
 All right, well, you two go have fun.| If we find my backup inhaler, maybe we can get frisky.
 Well, I didn’t until I heard that.| Hang on. I’m counting. It’s okay.
 Hey, Bernadette’s water broke.| Come on, everyone to the hospital.
 This is not how I imagined this day going, I should be with them right now.| Well, it is their child.
 How many times do I have to say I’m sorry?| It’s not just Howard and Bernadette. I mean, look how far we’ve all come.
 But if my mom asks, we have bunk beds.| Penny was a struggling actress when we met, and now she’s a successful pharmaceutical rep.
 Bernadette got her doctorate.| Sheldon, Howard and I are working with the government on our quantum gyroscope.
 Excuse me.| Sorry, Stuart.
 – Oh.| Oh, like Halley’s comet.
 Hey, can you help me put some of the food out?| Yeah. Let me finish packing this stuff up. You know how Sheldon is if he sees Christmas stuff lying around after New Year’s.
 Yeah, but he doesn’t live here anymore.| Well, he doesn’t live at Walmart, but he still threw a tantrum when he saw Marshmallow Peeps after Easter. And that’s the same man who complains you can’t find Marshmallow Peeps after Easter.
 So, what happened in Texas that was so bad? | And before our next drive to Comic-Con, I need the name of that juice.
 Do boys have flowers?| Who knows what he has down there.
 Can you believe my mother thinks we’re both strange?| Absolutely not.
 That’s too loud.| Absolutely not.
 Hey, guys.| Hey.
 Hello.| And their Sherpas.
 Stop. Okay. They told Mary they were living together, there was a fight, he got his feelings hurt, then he put underwear on his head.| On purpose, not the way it used to happen in high school.
 Actually, we got in a pretty nasty fight.| It might’ve been the worst one we’ve ever had.
 Oh, my God, what happened?| Well, we had started binge-watching Luke Cage together, and it was kind of our thing, and then I find out that she watched two episodes without me. 
 You do make a cute elf.| Oh, yeah? And you thought Spock ears were only good for Comic-Con.
 Hey, hey, I just found a farm where they let you chop down your own tree.| Oh cool, I’ll be like a pointy-eared Paul Bunyan.
 No, what’s stupid is a physicist who doesn’t understand when you swing an axe, you don’t let go.| For the tenth time, my mittens were slippery!
 Ugh. It’s 70 degrees, you didn’t need mittens.| You know how easily I blister.
 Yes, yes, you bruise, you peel. It’s like I’m married to an old piece of fruit.| Look, we could keep fighting and let it ruin our night, or, or we can stop and try to salvage the evening.
 Fine.| Thank you.
 Leonard?| Yeah.
 You need a break?| Do not need a break.
 There’s no shame in asking for a break.| If I need a break, I’ll ask for a break.
 Ugh. Leonard?| Yeah?
 What? Is there another twist coming? Is the baby not theirs at all?| Ignore him. How did you get the baby to stop crying?
 Yeah, eventually I figured out how to get the baby to sleep.| Please tell me you didn’t use Amy’s magic juice.
 Our pleasure.| See you guys at work.
 What, what’s all this?| Well, it sounded like you were having a rough day, so i wanted you to come home to something nice.
 Oh, that is so thoughtful.| Hey, do you remember when we went wine tasting in Santa Barbara and you said that was you’d ever had?
 Yeah, i remember us driving up there, going to the winery and, that’s it.| and this wine is why.
 Oh. Hey, what smells so good?| I made your favourite. Pizza bagels.
 Pink wine and pizza bagels? It’s like eighth grade all over again. I am so lucky to have you.| Well, now be careful, these are hot. i could explain the thermodynamics of why the cheese seems hotter than the crust, but instead I’m gonna keep it to myself.
 Oh, you always know what not to say. I just, i can’t believe you did all this.| Well, you know, It’s easy to take each other for granted and I never want to do that to you, because your love, it’s like a river. It’s peaceful and deep. Your soul is, it’s like a secret that I could never keep.
 You did not just quote an Nsync song.| I quoted your favourite Nsync song.
 Leonard, i’ve been meaning to ask you, what size shoe do you wear? | Why?
 I’m trying to take more of an interest in other people’s lives.| That’s nice. I wear a size eight and a half.
 That’s small. So, tell me, do you have any plans for the weekend?| Are you gonna laugh at the answer?
 Only if the answer is shopping for baby shoes.| If you must know, Penny won a spa weekend from work, and she’s taking me.
 Oh, well you know, that is interesting. I wonder what kind of infection you’ll come home with. My money’s on fungal. They’re still having girls night across the hall.| So, hang out with me and we’ll have boys’ night.
 At our age, why don’t we call it man’s night?| Because we just spent our allowance on comic books.
 If you do that, i’ll win in eight moves. I’ll win in five moves. I’ll win in one move.| Oh, no. Good game.
 Hey.| Hey.
 Well, I’m just playing tennis against the drapes here.| Just ignore him.
 Hm. At least he took an interest. | What’s that supposed to mean?
 Nothing.| Hey, what’s going on with you?
 I don’t want to talk about it.| Well, hey, come on, just tell me.
 Fine. Lately I kind of feel like you’ve been taking me for granted.| What? Where is this coming from?
 It’s just, since we got married you seem to think you don’t have to try any more.| That is ridiculous. 
 This is exactly why I didn’t want to talk about it.| No, no, no, no, let’s talk about it. I’m the one who’s made all the effort in this relationship since day one. Please tell me what more I could do?
 Okay, you know what? Maybe I’ll take Amy with me to the spa this weekend instead.| Fine, go ahead.
 All right, we’re heading out.| Mm-hmm.
 I will bring them home so you can show me how Godzilla takes a shower. | Have fun.
 You know what? I feel uncomfortable engaging in a public display of affection while their relationship is strained.| Go ahead, it’s fine.
 Bye.| Okay.
 If you miss me x plus one, I’ll miss you open paren x plus one, close paren to the second…| Thank you.
 Here. You’re sad, so I made you tea.| Thanks.
 And it’s just the way you like it.| Earl grey?
 Yes.| Honey?
 Yes.| Unsweetened almond…
 Good Lord, I made you tea, just drink it.| Sorry, thank you.
 Well, what can we do to cheer you up?| I really don’t know.
 You want to play Jenga? Or, uh, Ticket to Ride? Hearthstone? What would you be the happiest losing at?| I don’t want to play a game, Sheldon.
 Wow, and I remember when you loved playing games with me. Maybe Penny isn’t the only relationship you’re phoning in.| Its not that I’d stopped trying, its just how relationships progress. They start with infatuation, but over time mellow into something more comfortable.
 Would you like to play a driving game I invented?| Is it about the failing state of my relationship with Penny?
 Never mind. You know, Penny went to this spa to be away from you. Are you sure you should be going there?| I don’t want to wait two days for us to work this out.
 Very well. You got married spur of the moment, I don’t see why your divorce should be any different.| I would pull this car over and kick you out, but If Penny dumps me, you’re all I got. 
 Hmm. Then this is probably too many clothes.| Hey.
 What are you doing here?| I came here to apologize.
 Okay. Leonard, I really appreciate that, but I need a little time to myself.| Okay. I don’t get it, you said make an effort, here I am making an effort. 
 All right. Can you please just go and we’ll talk about this tomorrow?| I don’t understand what you want.
 Interesting. The world’s most boring liquid and the world’s most boring vegetable, but you put ’em together and bleugh. | Hey.
 We’re not getting divorced.| Listen, we realized, that, uh, we’re facing some new challenges as a married couple.
 Yeah. And there are a few things we need to stay on top of. So we thought it would useful, and I can’t believe I’m about to say this, um.| Would you please help us make a relationship agreement? But one that’s tailored to us, okay, we don’t need a bathroom schedule. 
 Although a rule about him texting me from in there might help with the romance. | What do you say?
 Article 8, subsection B, Leonard will restrict videogaming in underpants to hours Penny is not home. This includes boxers, briefs, thongs, G-strings or anything else that calls attention to his pasty little thighs.| Does it really need to say that?
 I did this for free, let me get a little something.| Article 10, subsection C, if questioned Penny may not say that everything is fine if it isn’t. Other unacceptable responses include, it’s nothing, don’t worry about it, and, I said it’s nothing don’t worry about it. 
 I think this all looks good.| Me, too.
 I broke up with her.| Why?
 Doesn’t like games. That’s one.| Ignore him. Yeah, sorry about the breakup.
 So now you think you’re better than Isaac Newton? Oh, no wonder women don’t like you.| You’re not being very nice.
 Oh, that’s a paradox. I mean if you meant what you just said, then that means you may not have meant what you just said.| Careful, I saw this on Star Trek. Smoke’s gonna come out of his ears soon. Hey.
 You know, I just read that a team at MIT. developed a device that helps people read human emotions.| And you think we can get those guys to reprogram Sheldon? Cool.
 Wow, I find that hard to believe.| That a bunch of awkward scientists with no social skills would invent a machine to do it for them?
 Now that Sheldon’s across the hall, have you decided what you’re doing with his old room?| I was thinking maybe a library or a gaming room.
 You could make it a train room.| I don’t like trains. You like trains.
 Wonderful. Although I’m not sure how I feel about being used as a guinea pig.| Well, when you get the machine, you can find out.
 That’s actually not a bad idea. Maybe I could even get them all together, sort of like a, a focus group, to find out what’s wrong with me.| No, Raj, that’s a terrible idea.
 Hey, can you hold off redoing the room? My brother’s coming out here in a few weeks.| Oh. Yeah. Okay, sure. What’s going on with your brother?
 My dad asked if I can get him a job interview at my work.| Huh. Is that a good idea? I mean, you think they’ll consider someone who was in prison for selling drugs?
 Well, I sell pharmaceuticals. That’s just a really hard to spell word for drugs.| Well, I’m sure he’ll appreciate carrying his samples in a briefcase instead of his colon. How long do you think he’ll stay?
 I, I’m not sure. Maybe a few days. Unless he gets the job, then who knows?| Hmm. Who knows? That’s exciting. I’ll get to wake up every morning and see if he’s still here.
 You don’t have a problem with this, do you?| Of course not. I mean, he’s your brother.
 Okay. Thank you, you’re the best. Mm.| Remember that when the new TV falls off the wall and crushes us both.
 Hey, would you take a look at my brother’s résumé? I’m trying to help him clean it up a little.| Yeah, sure. He really worked with the Drug Enforcement Agency?
 Hey, Leonard, if you’re happy and you know it, no need to clap your hands, because I have an emotion detector.| How’s it working out?
 Surprisingly well.| That’s great, I’m happy for you.
 Oh, ooh! And that makes Leonard angry.| No, it doesn’t.
 What? Are you really upset about Randall coming?| No.
 Yes.| I said no.
 Leonard, if you’re mad about this, just tell me.| Fine. You invited your drug dealer brother to stay with us for God knows how long and didn’t bother to ask me first.
 Well, hey. Now she’s angry, too. This thing works like gangbusters.| I’m not saying you have to ask my permission, but you could have talked to me about it before you said it was okay.
 Like you talked to me about your gaming room?| Our gaming room. I was gonna put a scented candle in it.
 If you were this upset, why didn’t you say so when I told you?| Because I didn’t want to sound like a jerk.
 Well, you sound like one now. I don’t see the big deal if my brother comes and stays for a while.| If you get him a job, he’s gonna live here forever!
 He would get his own place.| Has he ever had his own place?
 Yes.| Did it have a metal toilet next to the bed?
 You gave me a bill at the end of every month. | Stay out of this. You and your stupid machine started this fight.
 Yes?| We owe you an apology.
 Oh, it’s fine. You needed a suitcase, I wasn’t home, you borrowed a suitcase.| That was six years ago. I’m talking about tonight.
 Look, we got really angry at each other, and you just got caught in the middle of it.| And, sorry about the suitcase.
 Yes, we’re fine.| Mm, Penny’s gonna call her dad and tell him it’s not a good time for Randall to visit.
 Hopefully, he won’t be too upset.| Oh, you’re his little girl, he can’t stay mad at you.
 He won’t be mad at me. I mean, you’re the one who doesn’t want my brother to come, so…| So you’re gonna throw me under the bus?
 Uh, guys, it sounds like you’re getting angry again.| That’s because we are.
 So, all we need to do is get Sheldon knocked up.| We can’t. He was already fixed when I found him at the shelter.
 Okay, I’m zeroing out the electro-osmotic flow rate in the micro-fluidic channel.| Nicely done, Howard.
 Well, my wife is four-foot-ten and sexually satisfied, so clearly I know my way around tiny things.| Good for you, on the cutting edge of new technology and still making inappropriate comments about the mother of your child.
 I’m looking at the math, and I think we can make the device between eight and ten percent smaller.| That’s great, but the Air Force approved the specs. We’re good to go.
 Shame on you. Where would we be if poodle breeders had that attitude? I’ll tell you. We would have the standard and the miniature poodle, but no toy or teacup. Which by the way, is not an officially recognized breed, but that’s just poodle politics.| Can we please stop talking about poodles?
 I don’t want to go home.| Fine, go for a little walk.
 Then what?| Just keep walking.
 I know. That’s why I keep refilling his water when he’s not looking.| You’re kidding.
 I don’t care if we’re in a drought, it’s worth it.| You know, I do have a way to get him out of our hair. I’ve been holding onto this for a few years, but maybe now’s the time.
 We can just lock the door, you don’t have to kill him.| You can’t kill him, he’ll just respawn at the last save point.
 Oh, that was my sixth trip to the bathroom. As long as that’s not a urinary tract infection, that’s a personal best.| Hey, uh, buddy, I got you a little present.
 Really?| Yeah. Go ahead, open it.
 Congratulations. The bearer of this certificate is entitled to the ultimate train experience at The Nevada Northern Railway. You are at the throttle. You are the engineer. You are running the locomotive. This doesn’t happen very often, but here comes a hug. Oh, dear, I have to tinkle again.| Okay. Where were we?
 It’s so peaceful without him here. Can I ask you how much that cost?| Four thousand dollars, worth every penny.
 Gentlemen.| Colonel Williams. Sir.
 Great. We found a cooling solution that allowed us to get the size of the prototype down to the target specs.| As a cooling solution, it’s pretty cool.
 Don’t do that. What’s this?| Oh, nothing. Just some math we don’t need.
 This is a different approach. Are you trying to get the guidance system even smaller?| It’s just a theory. Uh, it’s not even worked out.
 So get the kid with the two shirts to do it.| Sir, uh, if I may, uh, we’ve put a lot of thought and effort into this current prototype. It’s a really elegant solution, and most importantly, it works.
 I can’t believe we have to ask Sheldon to come back and help us.| Oh, boo-hoo. I spent four grand on a gift that only got rid of him for an afternoon. What is that?
 I said to myself, I think I can, I think I can. And then I couldn’t, so I paid two men who promised not to come rob us later.| Okay, look, Sheldon, the Colonel wants us to make the guidance system smaller, and we can’t do it without you.
 Well, I would love to help you, but since I discovered the satisfaction of working with my hands on a train engine, I don’t think I can go back to theory. I’m an engineer now. And, hey, just to be clear, a train engineer. Not that goofy kind you are.| Sheldon, you can still go on the trip in a few weeks. Just help us out.
 He’s worried about looking foolish. That’s a heapin’ helping of irony right there.| Come on, you know you’re not leaving physics. Why are you doing this?
 All right. Hmm. Feel free to jump in. Hmm is all I got.| Oh, we can get this. Is there any chance it’s upside-down?
 Maybe we can find another theoretical physicist to help us.| It’s classified. If we tell anyone, we’d get in trouble.
 Hey, I came up with that and hmm. You haven’t pitched anything.| Just keep thinking. I got it.
 You really figured it out?| No, but when we show this nonsense to Sheldon, it will make him crazy, and he’ll have to fix it.
 Oh, you’re a genius.| Yeah, I know. That’s not even a math symbol. That’s just Charlie Brown’s hair.
 That’s right. We figured it out all by ourselves. Wasn’t even that hard.| No.
 Well, good for you guys. Look, I have a grease smudge on my hand, and I’m okay with it.| Aren’t you gonna look at the board to see how right we are?
 Oh. Well, I guess it’s fixed.| Just look at the board.
 That’s wrong.| Oh, no, what should we have done differently?
 Okay, but this is the last time. Nice try, blockheads.| Come on, Sheldon. You can’t turn your back on physics, and besides, you have no idea what you’re doing with this stuff.
 But if you really want to learn the mechanical side, I can teach you anything you want to know.| And instead of standing around watching, you can help us build your smaller guidance system.
 Excuse me. I have a girlfriend. I’m already king of the train store.| So, what do you say?
 Go. Come on, Raj.| You can do this.
 What is happening?| This is an Euler’s Disk. It’s a physics toy that demonstrates angular momentum, potential energy, and kinetic energy.
 Its weight and smoothness, along with the slight concavity of the mirror, means it can spin for a long time.| But Raj is from India, which means he’s no slouch at holding his breath.
 Oh. Immature.| How ya doing?
 It’s slowing down.| Dig deep, like when we bet you couldn’t fit into Howard’s pants.
 He’s not gonna make it.| Yes, he is.
 And the car ride puts her to sleep.| Aw, that used to work with Sheldon.
 Yeah, until someone left him in the drugstore parking lot and he freaked out.| Who forgot to crack the window?
 Hello.| Hey.
 Yeah, it was. But it’s my father’s money and I’m mad at him.| What’s going on with your dad?
 It is. He stopped trying to find Indian girls for me to marry. | But all you did was complain when he did that.
 My father thinks the reason I can’t make a relationship work is because I’m spoiled.| I’m sorry, is he waiting for someone to disagree?
 Okay, I’ll tell you, but please don’t judge me. He pays for my car, my rent, and my credit cards.| I’m trying, but I’m judging.
 You don’t need your dad’s money. You can get by on your salary.| Yeah. Well, we work at the same place as you, and we’ve always been fine.
 Well, then double it, because my building’s a lot nicer than this dump.| Do you know how much your car costs?
 Well, sometimes you can get free food and Wi-Fi from the neighbours. Just know you might have to marry one of ’em.| Hey, you guys let Stuart live with you. Why not Raj, too?
 I’m sorry, Raj. We really just don’t have the space.| What if he lives in your garage?
 Okay, only if you’re sure. Whew.| Yeah.
 All right, well, to sum up, focus on science, keep your nose out of other people’s business, and, uh, whoa, for a good time, call Bert.| What brought that on?
 Hi.| Hey.
 Oh, let me guess. You guys are drafting your fantasy accounting firms.| We’re helping Raj figure out his finances.
 That’s a penguin I sponsor. They’re losing their homes to global warming, and my car gets, like, seven miles a gallon, so I felt bad.| What is Pink Cheeks?
 It’s intimate waxing. Quit looking at that.| Maybe you should find someone to help you get your finances under control.
 He sounds like a sociopath.| We don’t know, his mother never had him tested.
 You actually think Penny will have fun at Comic-Con?| No. Which will make me miserable, which is usually Sheldon’s job.
 She’s gonna hate the panels.| She’s gonna hate how often we say the word panels.
 Why don’t you just tell her not to come?| Well, she’s so excited, I can’t do that to her.
 What if you make it sound so bad she won’t want to go?| That I would do to her.
 You put me in charge of your finances. If you wanted someone weak and spineless you could walk all over, you should have asked Leonard.| See? Miserable.
 Well, so? So you think Bernadette’s just gonna let you jet down to San Diego for five days and leave her alone?| Hang, hang on. So I have to bring Penny, you can’t afford it, Howard’s gonna get in trouble, and this guy gets to have a great time.
 Wow, that is a lot of people jammed in there.| I know. Sometimes Howard wears a striped shirt so we can play Where’s Wolowitz? Okay, now, This is us camping out in line for the Avengers panel.
 Oh, you really sleep on the sidewalk, huh?| Yeah. It can get chilly, but Raj figured out that if you pee in a bottle and put it in your sleeping bag, it helps keep you warm. Here’s the hotel room we all share. 
 Well, you and I would get our own room, right?| Every hotel is booked. But, yeah, see this space here between Sheldon’s feet and my head? That’s where you go.
 Well, it’s no different than when Sheldon used to climb in bed with us during a thunderstorm.| Don’t worry, we won’t be doing much sleeping anyway. It’s like an all-night party. There’s trivia contests and Dungeons & Dragons. As we like to say, it’s off the chain mail.
 Is there any scenario where we’re not in full body paint?| Yeah, if you want us to look like losers.
 Hey, um, are you sure the guys are okay with me coming?| Yeah, of course, why?
 This is just something you usually do together, and if I’m screwing it up, I don’t have to go.| Oh, why? Do you not want to go?
 Why? Do you not want me to go?| No, I want you to go.
 If I may speak for Comic-Con, we don’t want that either.| Is that nice?
 No, but it’s honest, and it sounds like you could use a little more honesty in your relationship.| Uh, it’s more complicated than that.
 I’m always honest with Amy. The other day she said she was self-conscious about the beauty mark on her shoulder, and I said, you know, you can call that a beauty mark all you want. When there’s hair growing out of it, that’s a mole.| Do you think she’s as honest with you?
 Hey, babe, you want to drive?| Sure, or you can.
 No, it’s fine, I know you don’t like the way I drive.| I don’t have a problem with your driving.
 Just so you know, that guy in the parking lot hit me.| He wasn’t in a car, but okay.
 Just say you want to drive.| I honestly don’t.
 Sure, happy to.| If you want to drive, just drive. I don’t see why this has to be so complicated.
 It’s not complicated. Amy’s driving, that’s it.| That’s not it because you’re clearly upset.
 You’re the one who seems upset.| Why would I be upset?
 Wait, you don’t want me to go?| Well, I just don’t think you’re gonna have a good time.
 Yeah, well, get this, neither does Penny, that’s why she doesn’t want to go. You set ’em up, I knock ’em down, good job.| Why would you say you wanted to go if you didn’t?
 I just thought it would make you happy.| O-o-o-okay, hold on, so if you don’t want to go and I don’t need to bring you, is everything good?
 Hold on, I’m trying to decide if I’m mad at you. No, I’m happy I don’t have to go.| All right, problem solved.
 This is so generous of you, I, um, I don’t know what to say.| Now you can come with us.
 I’m a big boy, and if I missed one, I’d throw a big-boy tantrum.| You know what? I’ve gone 12 times. Maybe I’ll sit out this year, too.
 Really?| Yeah. Maybe you and I can do something fun that weekend.
 Ooh, how about white-water rafting?| Oh, how about we compromise and go on the Small World ride at Disneyland?
 What? Is it another video of him and his dog Lady-and-the-Tramping some spaghetti?| No. He can’t afford his apartment, and he’s asking if anyone knows of a cheap place to live. I want to say India, but it seems mean.
 You’re a good friend.| Am I still a good friend if I wait and hope that Howard offers him a place to live first?
 Uh, yeah. Why do you ask?| You know, we have the extra bedroom, and if you need it, it’s yours.
 Oh, my God, that’s so generous.| It’s the least we can do.
 Hey, what’s it like sharing a bathroom with Penny? Is there hair everywhere? Does she use your loofah?| I don’t have a loofah.
 Okay, thanks. Just throw it out. Speaking of occupants, I’m given to understand Raj will be moving into my old room.| Yeah, for a little while.
 If real dogs gave me buttons, I’d like them, too. Well, I think it’s very nice that you’re helping out our friend.| And I think it’s nice that you’re taking whatever medication Amy’s clearly giving you.
 Well, it’s like that science thing. For every action, you have a gigantic and annoying reaction.| Just when I thought you couldn’t get any hotter.
 If you’re implying that I’d have some problem with him moving into my room, you’re wrong. Raj is in a difficult financial situation, and I’m glad that he’s making changes to improve it.| Do not adjust the dosage. You nailed it.
 Hey, look at that. You’ve got a Raj, we’ve got a Stuart. Maybe we should take them both to the park and let them run around together.| I don’t know. Yours looks like he has worms.
 It’s nothing like that. I just, I thought about Raj’s situation, and I had a change of heart. You know, and regarding your gift, you said surprise me, and, boy, did I. Hello.| Hey. 
 Hi.| Perfect timing. Food’s ready.
 You didn’t do anything. It’s Sheldon.| You didn’t do anything, it’s Sheldon. That’d make a nice needlepoint pillow.
 No, I can’t take all the credit. I spoke with Leonard’s mother, and she made me feel better.| I don’t know who you talked to, but that wasn’t my mother.
 I see. You must be yelling at me out of wedded bliss.| Look, just because we took our friend in does not mean that Penny and I are afraid to be alone.
 Do you agree with that?| Well, now that you point it out…
 Are you kidding me?| We do seem to keep finding room mates.
 Morning.| Did you know Raj moved out last night?
 What? Why?| Leonard and Penny, I’m sorry for all the trouble I’ve caused. I went to stay at Howard’s. PS Cinnamon’s with me, but if you feel like messing with Sheldon, tell him she’s loose in the building.
 I feel terrible.| Should we go bring him back?
 Well, you’re the one worried having someone live with us is a sign of problems.| Oh, that was just because my mother got in my head. It’s like being possessed, but instead of Satan it’s, actually, it’s the same thing.
 All right, so we’ll ask him to come back.| Well, great.
 Don’t you want to get dressed first?| Just one second. Help, Cinnamon’s loose in the building.
 Me, either. Don’t want to be a burden. Hey, is that the baby? I’ll go check.| You are not a burden, and we want you to come back and stay with us.
 Hey, we wrote the Kama Sutra. If it involves butts, there’s a word for it.| I thought we were getting breakfast before work.
 If you want, I can get ready in five minutes.| It’s cute that you think that. Don’t worry about it.
 Hey, can I ask you a favour? Would you mind taking Cinnamon for a walk?| Sure. You’re living here for free, I guess I owe you.
 Yeah, bye, sweetie.| Bye.
 Okay, and tree pose.| Well, she’s done.
 The bigger question is, what are you gonna eat with that spoon? You didn’t get any food.| He does raise an interesting point.
 Amy is studying the time lag between intent and awareness, and I realized that applies to the measurement problem in quantum mechanics. Now, I recognize there will be a time lag between me saying that and you Googling what it means, so I’ll wait.| I understand it, Sheldon.
 Paul.| Who’s Paul?
 Oh, you met him at the office Christmas party. He’s married to Nancy.| Oh, sure. Wait, Nancy?
 Don’t worry, Jerry won’t be fooled by that type of behaviour.| Jerry?
 Well, I hope not. I just hate when people play those kinds of games.| Tina?
 Mm.| I went to your office Christmas party?
 I thought someone looked brighter and tighter.| I’d still like to know who Jerry is.
 Don’t worry about it. Hey, after this, how about we all go out and do something together?| That would be great. Thank you.
 Ooh, yes. Fun.| Or we could do something we’ll all enjoy, like play a board game.
 Huh, so you can tell what that feels like. Interesting.| Anyway, I figured I can hang out with my friends and have fun, too.
 Well, if your idea of fun is riding in a minivan to Target for diapers, things are about to get nuts.| Oh, it’s just nice to be with people who are happy to have me around. Isn’t that right, Halley?
 Well, are you worried he’s like another man in her life?| A little, until I saw them in matching tops.
 Well, have you talked to them about it?| Well, what am I supposed to say, stop having fun without me?
 Look, Raj just gets along with women. | I know, but he was my friend first. It’s like she’s stealing him and they’re just having the best time doing all their dumb girly stuff together.
 Jennifer still trying to sleep her way to the top?| Yeah.
 It said right there on the invitation, buckle up for fun. It’s not my fault you didn’t listen.| I’m sure I’m overreacting.
 You’re entitled to feel how you feel. If you don’t like it, you should just talk to her.| I don’t want to sound like a jealous baby.
 No, no, Penny, don’t dismiss his feelings.| Thank you. I just feel…
 Hang on, I’m not saying that his feelings aren’t crazy. I just don’t want him to think that this isn’t a safe place.| Well, to be truthful…
 I don’t want to speak for Leonard.| Thank you. I…
 Yeah.| Hey, Olsen twins…
 What?| Well, I mean, I’m sitting right here. You’re talking about my feelings and somehow leaving me out of the conversation.
 I’m sorry. What did you want to say?| I don’t know, you pretty much covered it.
 Hey, Leonard, if you’re not busy tomorrow, I have to do a little reception after work.| Oh, I would, but we need to make a push on the air force project.
 Did you say you guys are working on the guidance system tomorrow?| Yeah, why?
 Well, Sheldon said that he was gonna work with me on our quantum perception project.| We’ve had this planned for a week.
 I have a plan to work on both projects simultaneously. And for your information, the summer conference on algebraic topology at Caltech is nerd prom.| I’m sorry, what is this plan you have?
 Well, I’m not needed at both places at the same time. And I can also free up extra hours with simple tricks, such as using a minimal amount of words to convey my point.| When does that start?
 These are hydration backpacks. For efficiency, whenever I’m thirsty I have access to water. When I’m hungry, I have lentil soup.| It’s getting harder to pretend.
 The rate of spinning for the central axis centrifuge has to be four revolutions per second.| It can’t be four revolutions, it’s got to be seven.
 Seven? Look at the board, it’s four.| Oh, my God, it’s seven.
 What’s going on? How’d I get here?| I don’t know, we came home from work and we found you.
 Well, I remember waking up in the morning, Amy rubbing Vicks on my chest. And her hands were like two frozen chunks of tundra. I took some cold medicine to… I took cold medicine.| You did seem a little loopy when you showed up at the lab.
 Leonard, would you be a lamb?| She’s kidding.
 What’s the big deal? It’s full of classified information about the air force project.| How could you lose that?
 Well, people who are abducted by aliens lose time. I mean, maybe it happens to the aliens, too.| Well, it’s not across the hall.
 You’re not going to prison.| But, boy, it is funny to think about.
 Oh, that, that’s so cool. How do you, how do you turn that thing off?| Relax. I know when you go for a run, you stop for a donut.
 Uh, no, thank you. We now know why MasterCard sent me a fraud alert.| Ask him.
 One top secret quantum guidance system.| You understood the math?
 No, but Sheldon told me all about it. He told everybody.| That’s just great.
 Oh, let’s take advantage of his absence and tell the kinds of jokes only physicists get. I’ll go first. Okay, here. Uh, Heisenberg is pulled over by a police officer. And the policeman says, did you know you were going 85 miles per hour? And Heisenberg says, darn it, now I don’t know where I am.| So Howard back Monday?
 Oh, hello.| Hey. Want to join us?
 Oh, quick, sit.| So, Sheldon says you have a new girlfriend.
 Well, I’m very happy for you.| Hey, we’re all having dinner tonight. Why don’t the two of you join us?
 Oh, grow up.| Don’t you have any friends he can date?
 Hi.| Hey.
 Oh, it’s such a cute story. We met on a dating Web site.| Is that it?
 Did I say something wrong?| No, it’s always him.
 I was wrong. You can come back in.| So, Rebecca, how did you become a personal trainer?
 Oh, is that offer for everybody?| Nice try. I’m not going.
 Where’s your bathroom?| Mm, just down there.
 You know, on our first date, Leonard used a coupon to buy me a pretzel.| And we lived happily ever after. 
 Who’s ready to laugh?| O-o-o-o-oh.
 Hey.| Oh, hello. Join us.
 Actually, it got me thinking that I shouldn’t flaunt my money to find love. I might break up with Rebecca.| Wow, that’s a big step.
 Hello? Anybody home?| Is that Bert?
 She was also interested in walking around my house in her underwear. Now the only one doing that is me.| If you’re that upset, go get her back.
 You and Leonard don’t have anything in common. Maybe you should break up.| You called on him.
 Sorry again for barging in.| You don’t have to go. You’re welcome to hang with us.
 So he’s using his money to attract a mate. Is that any different than me using my intelligence to attract Amy? Or Leonard using his power of grovelling to get Penny?| It’s totally different. Bert’s money might run out, but I can beg until the end of time.
 Okay, one second.| Sheldon, why are you jumping up and down?
 Then use the shoot button, not the wonderful thing about Tiggers button.| Aw.
 Okay, challenge them again.| Doing it right now. Oh, they can’t. There’s an important Little League game tomorrow.
 Well, I don’t like it.| Mm, if it makes you feel better, you still dress like a child.
 I guess I just need to face it, I’m no longer a wunderkind. Now I just wonder what’s for lunch.| Hot dogs.
 I’ve been thinking about our recent humiliation.| You’re gonna have to be more specific.
 At the hands of those teenagers.| More.
 Boy teenagers.| Oh, the video game. Yeah, that was bad.
 Boy, it is neck and neck right now.| How is super-aging any different than, like, doing crossword puzzles?
 Well, it’s not just doing simple cognitive tasks. You need to push your brain out of its comfort zone and reach mental exhaustion.| I drive you to work every day, my brain must look like the Hulk.
 Hey, you ready to go?| Yeah, I guess.
 What’s the matter?| Honestly? It’s a little strange having dinner with your ex-boyfriend, and it’s not like we have a lot to talk about.
 What? He loves you, okay? And he’s interested in your work. You could talk about the infinite perspective… I swear I know it.| It’ll be fine, let’s just go.
 Well, and his fiancée will be there, so you know, if the conversation lags, we can talk about their wedding.| Aaargh.
 Come on, I spent an entire plane ride with you talking about the trailer for Deadpool 2.| Ha, I knew you weren’t asleep.
 Thanks. Wow, working on a top secret government project, that is so cool. Do you have a bodyguard to keep spies away?| I have Sheldon, that keeps most people away.
 I miss that guy. He’s like the Swedish Chef Muppet. I don’t know what he’s saying, but he’s funny.| Oh, I know what he’s saying, and he’s not, he’s not funny.
 Uh, it’s okay, I’m still in pharmaceutical sales.| She’s doing amazing. She can actually make a side effect, like 10% chance of liver failure, sound like a 90% chance of liver success.
 See, that wasn’t so bad. He even picked up the check.| Yeah. Although, when he was trying to figure out the tip, I’m pretty sure I saw smoke coming out of his ears. You’re not really considering working for him, are you?
 Well, maybe, I mean, it seems kind of perfect. I have sales experience, and I’ve been a waitress, so I have restaurant experience, and if he’s figuring out my Christmas bonus, we could buy a boat.| Don’t you think it might be a little weird to work for someone you used to date?
 You work with Sheldon, you tell me.| Yeah, it’s weird.
 Okay, are you seriously jealous of me working with Zack?| No, no, I’m not jealous, I just think you have got a good thing going where you are right now, and you make great money and you haven’t slept with any of your co-workers.
 Great, so you want me to stay at a job I’m not happy at?| Uh.
 You okay? You kind of look like Zack trying to figure out that tip.| Of course I don’t want you to be unhappy, but I also want you to be smart, and working for an ex-boyfriend isn’t very smart. You don’t have to stop, just slow down, I’ll jump out.
 So you told her she was being dumb?| No, I told her she was being not smart. Which was dumb.
 Why did you even go to dinner with the guy?| We covered this, I’m dumb.
 Yes, but that’s gonna be true of a lot of guys she works for.| Yeah, but she also used to sleep with Zack.
 You know what? I’m with Leonard, this isn’t cool.| Thank you.
 I disagree. Penny is a strong, independent woman. The more you try to control her, the more she’ll push back.| So you think it’s okay?
 Hey.| Hi.
 You want to talk?| That doesn’t seem to be where I shine. How about I just give you one of these?
 Look, we can have a reasonable conversation and I won’t get mad. I don’t like it after sex, and I don’t like it now.| Yeah, sorry.
 Yeah. All right, just come here. Look, I get me working with Zack is weird and I don’t want you to be uncomfortable. | Well, thanks. And I don’t want you to be stuck at a job you don’t like.
 Then what do we do?| Well, I don’t love it, but if you really want to take this job, I’ll find a way to deal with it.
 No, I know you’ll try, but it’ll make you miserable, which will make me miserable, and I’m just gonna stay where I’m at for now.| No, no, no, no, you’re, you’re unhappy there and then you’re gonna blame me for making you stay, and it’s fine, I’ll just, I’ll suck it up.
 You don’t need to do that, it’s okay.| Yeah, see, now I feel terrible, like I’m being selfish and holding you back. What? Say something. Yeah, that is pretty annoying.
 Okay, are you sure about this?| Absolutely. I just want you to be happy. And maybe a little turned on about how selfless I’m being.
 Okay, thanks anyway. Bye. Well, his fiancée thought the idea of us working together was stupid. You were right, I was wrong. Aren’t you gonna say anything?| Not if I want to be doing this later.
 Champagne, champagne.| Thank you.
 Thank you. No bendy straw, some party.| Hey, a toast. Thank you all for your support while we worked on our Air Force project. And please know that we could not have done it without you, so cheers.
 Yeah, I’ll definitely live long enough. Vitamin C.| First thing tomorrow morning, we’re back at it.
 Leonard Hofstadter. Access granted.| Hmm. I don’t care if this thing is burning out my retinas, it makes me feel special. Now, before we field test, I think we…
 What the hell?| Where is everything?
 Who else has access to this room?| It’s a secure lab in a classified facility, only the U.S. government and us.
 I can’t tell you that.| Are you implementing phase two?
 How can you work on something for a year and they just take it?| I can’t believe the Air Force would treat us like that.
 You know, I have a good mind to stop paying my taxes. It’s too bad I enjoy doing them so much. The Air Force did it again. They’re erasing our lives.| Third floor, wrong apartment.
 Although, if anyone’s gonna clean out your apartment and disappear, it’d be Penny.| She might disappear, but she’s definitely not cleaning anything.
 Oh, hey, what’s going on?| You won’t believe it, the military confiscated our project.
 Thank you. Can we just talk about something else?| Yeah, what’s going on with you guys?
 Yeah, um, Raj is moving out.| Oh, no. When?
 I am, but I’ll miss you guys.| Ah, we’ll miss you, too.
 You could try saying that without smiling.| I’m trying. This is the best I can do. What are you doing?
 Come on, Sheldon. Amy’s only gone for a few months. And now that I’m moving out, your old room is empty, so you can stay there whenever you want.| Uh, could I talk to you in the hall for a sec?
 Yeah, sure.| Sheldon, you’re being silly.
 Am I? Yesterday I had an Air Force project, a girlfriend who lived with me, and my good friend Raj right across the hall.| Do you really care about that last one?
 No, but that list was sounding a little thin.| Instead of dwelling on the negative, think about this. Your girlfriend was given an amazing opportunity, which gives you an opportunity to show her that you’re a loving and supportive boyfriend.
 So trick her.| All right, let me start again. Uh, you and Amy…
 Well, here’s your key back.| Thank you.
 I can’t compete with that. Bye.| Should we give them their privacy?
 How’s Sheldon doing with Amy gone?| Well, the last three nights I’ve had to take him to get a haircut, to the train store, and to a Walgreens in Arcadia where they still have the good ibuprofen. Now ask me how I’m doing with Amy gone.
 How are you doing with…| Shut up.
 If you’d like, we can help you out.| Oh, that would be great.
 It was a tutorial. And yes, I’m happy to keep Sheldon company.| Great. Tonight he wants to look at ladders at Home Depot.
 Oh, why does he need a ladder?| He doesn’t; he just likes looking at them. Bring a book.
 Hello.| Hello.
 Oh, thanks. Dr. Nowitzki’s going to tell me about the work she did at CERN. And she brought me this duty-free Toblerone.| Oh. I love those.
 A stranger just lured Sheldon away with a candy bar.| Wait, isn’t she the grad student that used to follow him around?
 So what do you guys think that’s about?| Knowing Sheldon, nothing.
 Oh. You must be one of those dessert before dinner people.| He just made her laugh, something’s wrong.
 I keep telling you, close the bathroom door.| Ah, did you see that? She just touched his hand and he didn’t swat it away. What is happening?
 It’s unbelievable. Sheldon has lunch with another woman and somehow my wife yells at me.| Penny laid into me, too. Apparently, I’m overly fixated on premium Swiss chocolate bars.
 Can you even eat those things?| If I take a Lactaid a half-hour before and some Pepto right after.
 Sounds like a lot of work.| Eh, I’m worth it.
 Guys. Focus. Should we do something about Nowitzki?| Like what?
 I’ll do it.| No offence, Stuart, but the woman’s a doctor.
 I could have made her very happy.| You kept walking. I think you did.
 Do you really think there’s reason to worry?| Yeah, she’s definitely going after Sheldon.
 That is true. She keeps asking how long Amy’s going to be gone.| Uh, so, Ramona, tell us about yourself. Do you, do you have a boyfriend?
 I threw my body at them, what else did you want me to do?| You think you should call Amy?
 All right, this is making me crazy. Somebody’s got to go over there.| You got feet and legs, you do it.
 Sure.| Our pleasure.
